---
type: detailed-notes
up:
  - - Session Log
prev:
  - - notes-79
---

# Detailed Notes: Session 80

When we wake up [[Jade]] asks [[Rez]] about her copper bracelet. She says it's from [[Rez's Family]], and she doesn't really know how it works. It helps her communicate with some of her siblings, but she can't use it at will. After talking about it for a minute more, [[Costi]] identifies it. It's strange, it's clearly magical - but as he's done, all he knows is that it's magic. Nothing else about it. It sort of reminds him of his sword. 

[[Jade]] goes out instead and finds the perfect snake cuff that we can all use as a better version of her current string. 

[[Costi]] goes back to apologize to the dwarf school for disturbing class, and asks about the water damage rock on the ceiling. They're star-struck, as we're caught up in a lot of the fanfare about [[Ellinev Del]], [[Ricci Scrucks]], and [[Victor]] increase drastically in popularity. Some groups around town start to ask us who we're supporting in the [[Arkhosian Elections]]. 

[[Rez]] sendings to [[Professor Leonard Klipitz]], "Hello! Heard you're asking about us. How're things? We still need lots of diamonds. We can get gold, or help with something? We need LOTS.", he responds, "Yes, good to hear from you. Congratulations, hero! Diamonds, yes sure. Come by, I've got some."

She also sends to [[Father Thronestone]] about [[Dragon Scales Ahhhh]], saying "Hello Thronestone! How is code cracking? Want all the details. Thanks for helping Ghez! What did he do? Was it great?? We might stop by", he responds, " "

[[Costi]] uses the [[Ioun Stone]] to sending to [[Costi's mom]], "Hey mom, stopped a bomb, saved a whole city! Met [[Pruvki Forgaveat]] and said we'd talk after elections. Hope another bomb doesn't go off, love!", she responds, "Just what every mother wants to hear. Please be careful, I love you. I'm proud of you"

[[Hugh]] does another divination, and asks: "Where specifically is the threat to lives in the coming days", as he casts the spell, he sees the flames burn higher for a moment and the goes out. It does not come back in, and the coals are cold. [[Hugh]] gets a feeling that the spell did not finish. He tries to go to the [[Temple of the Setting Sun]] to ask about it, and [[Freya]] goes too. He talks to a [[Rumbleswift]], but no one else is experiencing this. He casts again to try and demonstrate what's happening "Our connection got obstructed, how can we stop the interferrence?", the flames rise again and form a shape that is familiar, and makes his stomach drop, it's a St. Andrews Cross that we've seen at both the [[Necromantic Underground Chapel]] and the [[Halls of the Dead Necromantic Chapel]]. It slowly starts to break apart and crumbles. [[Hugh]] says it might have something to do with [[Vecna]], that we've seen some of that iconography in our travels, and there's been some undead tied to. 

We try to talk to [[First Officer Ghent]] but he's been very to get, he's been stuck to [[Ellinev Del]]. On the morning of the [[Arkhosian Elections]], [[Giary]] knocks on our door. He was released with full pardons. He gives us back out [[Ioun Stone]]. Turns out [[Srictha]] and [[Zephyra]] didn't get arrested. 

[[First Officer Ghent]] shows up with two bottles of wine, and says he promised us drinks. We fill him in on our concerns, he says they're on high alert. They've run down every lead and none have lead anywhere. They've been searching the mines, but haven't been able to find [[The Furnace]]. They believe they have about 95% of the [[Fire Raisers]] in custody. They couldn't confirm what was on the [[Cloud's Lament]], he thinks they were unloaded before the ship docked. The manifests were perfectly matched. He says people aren't not allowed weapons, but he got [[The Unforged Few|Our Party]] waivers. [[Freya]] once again asks about [[my hole]], and he says they're working on it. [[Costi]] offers [[First Officer Ghent]] the [[Cube of Force]]. He says his main job is protect [[Victor]] and [[Ellinev Del]] today. He says [[Relakas]] is leading security, and [[Jade]] says she still doesn't trust him. We ask about [[Winifey]], who they don't have, and [[Rhene Blackstone]], who showed up to the [[Willum]] site armed to the teeth and helped fight. He was arrested but they think he'll be released soon. 

He tells us to meet [[Ellinev Del]] in her rooms around 6:30 for the counting of the votes. And gives us gifts before he leaves. [[Victor]] gave us [[The Providers]] outfits for tonight and [[Ricci Scrucks]] gave us [[The Guardians]] colors. Our whole party chooses the [[The Providers]], except [[Jade]], who wears [[The Guardians]] colors, with a orange scarf of [[The Providers]], and her ears clearly visible.

As we walk towards [[Ellinev Del]]'s office, [[Hugh]] spots a shard of glass on the ground. [[Jade]] sees that there's chest with a space missing, where she remembers a beautiful glass vase used to be. We start to worry it could be an improvised weapon, and as we start to run towards her office, [[Costi]] casts detect thoughts and [[Freya]] notices that a janitorial door is held open. A dead guard, throat cut. [[Rez]] tries messaging to [[Ellinev Del]], but nothing pings. As we reach her office, we see dead bodies all throughout. There are 12 dead bodies, including [[Ellinev Del]] and many bodies wearing [[Fire Raisers]] outfits. Against the wall, [[First Officer Ghent]] is also killed against the wall. 

We look through the room very quickly. We find an envelope from [[First Officer Ghent]] with [[my hole]] in it, and a note "please enjoy my hole", as well as the [[Cube of Force]]. In the desk we also find two vials with a viscous clear oil, with shards of metal floating inside and one empty vial as well. There's also some coded notes as well. We think it has to do with "enhanced", "mithril", and "sharp" - we think it is probably a blade oil, and it can cut the fuse maybe? [[Freya]] gets one and [[Costi]] keeps the other.

[[Rez]] sendings to [[Victor]], "Fire Raisers attacking, large numbers, seemed sneaky/quick. Ellinev and Ghent are dead. Please be alright. We are in her office - where should we go??", he responds "an explanation in 25 words is impossible, we have little time, come quickly. You are owed answers, I'm so sorry"

We run to [[Victor]]'s room, with a similar scene. Dead [[Fire Raisers]] are all around, he's wounded and [[Terrav]] is tending his wounds. He says everything is out of control, and asks if we've heard from [[Ricci Scrucks]]. He sends [[Terrav]] off to check. [[Ricci Scrucks]] and [[Victor]] thought they could change things, the culination was supposed to be [[Fire Raiser Attack in Arkhosia City]]. They met years ago, and fought in the force, his political career was a lie. They thought if the right combination of concern and heroics could bring about real change. Even if [[The Providers]] lost the election, if [[Ricci Scrucks]] was on [[The Circle]], he could have the chance to make substantive change. They thought they had it under control, but [[Cinder]] and [[Willum]] have taken control. [[Victor]] and [[Ricci Scrucks]] founded the [[Fire Raisers]] 15 years ago, and he thought [[Cinder]] would be a good leader, he was the only one who knew. He tried to keep [[Niko]] separate but that didn't work. [[Ricci Scrucks]] had the idea to attack the [[Dragon's Hide|Hidesman]], becuase corruption ran too deep. [[Terrav]] says they didn't know what the [[Fire Raisers]] plan was until about an hour ago. 

[[Relakas]] and [[Winifey]] murdered the prison guards and let all of the [[Fire Raisers]] out. [[Cinder]] said they'd been betrayed by their founders, who had betrayed the revolution. They sent [[Terrav]] to kill [[Victor]], who intentionally failed in his first attempts to break down his door, [[Relakas]] to kill [[Ricci Scrucks]], and [[Marteen]] to kill [[Ellinev Del]]. [[Cinder]] was sent away to gather reinforcements, though it's not clear if he's trusted or not. He went upstairs. 

We hear [[Zephyra]] on the other side of the door. She says her [[Srictha]] and [[Varras]] stopped a group going to the roof, killing [[Varras]], they had some sort of incendiary powder. They also found footprints headed into the catacombs, [[Srictha]] went to learn more. Another group went towards the central flyteway station, with a large package. 

[[Giary]], [[Terrav]], and [[Zephyra]] say they'll go to the flyteway, [[Victor]] gives his delegate badge to help get their quicker. He asks us to find [[Niko]] and to stop him from what he's going to do. We'll compel him to live, [[Victor]] gets his bow and says he'll try to do what he can - and will face his judgement after. He says [[Ellinev Del]] was never part of this, she trusted them but was a dedicated servant. We make sure he has the [[Cube of Force]].

[[Rez]] sends to [[Niko]], saying "[[Ellinev Del]], [[Ricci Scrucks]], and [[First Officer Ghent]] murdered by [[Fire Raisers]]. [[Victor]] [[Fire Raisers]] founder, barely alive, betrayed by [[Cinder]]/[[Willum]]. Bombs, attacking [[Suncrest Palace]]. Stop what you're doing. Meet?" he responds "...What? I am not far, come. *conveys how to get to him*"

When we make it to [[Niko]], there are two unconscious guards, and he stands at a window with his bow ready to blow something up. We try to impress upon him what's happened, telling him what we've learned, and trying to convince him that [[Cinder]] lied to him. With the help of the whole group, we get through to him. With not a minute to spare, we see the flyteway train go by, and a small figure of [[Giary]] jumps out, tied to the train holding a bomb. In a moment of heroism, he throws the bomb and shoots it midair, harmlessly exploding over the city. 

[[Costi]] tries to grab him, right as he's heading out to find the other more gentle [[Fire Raisers]] who were sent away, and tells him he made the right choice - it's not too late. He says he cannot let others go down the path blindly. We ask for any help in fighting them, he says [[Willum]] is a talented shot with multiple fire arms, and [[Cinder]] fights through his beliefs. We wish him luck, and split up.

We run down towards the catacombs, trying to stop whatever is happening there. The deeper we go, the more signs of struggle we find, but it's also much clearer. The catacombs are famous and seem to be directly below the chamber where the [[Arkhosian Elections]] will take place. 

Rounding a corner, we see about a dozen dead bodies - some guards some [[Fire Raisers]] - and [[Winifey]] killing [[Srictha]]. We cut through them, slowing them from doing as much damage as they could maybe do. As [[Freya]] kills [[Winifey]], she whispers with her undead dying breath, "It's a honor, Synchrona" 

As we heal, we quickly search them, taking [[Winifey]]'s sword and healing potion. As we search, we can also see her torso is covered in tattoos, including [[Freya's Mysterious Circles]]. We also find a black case on her body, about shoe box sized. It's metal, and has a clasp. [[Freya]] ties her up in case this brings her back, skinning off a patch of her tattoos that include the symbol. [[Jade]] opens the box, which has a thin depression on one side, it's about a foot long and 3 inches wide. [[Jade]] questions her ghost as we go about her box. He says there's a bomb below. 

Eventually we reach a room titled the Catacombs, entering we see a large space with two figures inside: [[Cinder]] standing in the center of the room, beside him is [[Willum]]. Below [[Cinder]] we see four mithril fuses, leading into different corners of the room. 3 wooden boxes form a triangle around him as well. We see him take a long platinum rod slam into a ruby ring, which seems to be [[Ring of Efreet Summoning]], heat blasts out over all of us as a portal of ringing fire opens. [[Cinder]] has transitioned into some sort of non-humanoid firey creature, the flames around him lighting those four fuses. Time is running out. 