---
type: detailed-notes
up:
  - - Session Log
prev:
  - - notes-66
---

# Detailed Notes: Session 67

We exit the [[Bloody Waters]] arena, and [[Jade]] quickly points out that something seems wrong with [[Hugh]]. Before we can discuss [[Dharbeed Tzaavi]] comes in to congraulate us. He invites us to a victors party in his office. He says it'll only be us and a few other winners ([[Freya]] is concerned about being there with [[Captain Fretze|Fretze]] which is fair, but [[Rez]] isn't convinced).

We head up to his office, it's pretty empty of anything juicy but seems to connect to more personal backrooms. We meader for a moment, before [[Captain Fretze|Fretze]] comes up to us. [[Jade]] calls him racist immediately. It's a tense encounter, [[Rez]] asks how things are going and he says business is booming, they're in [[Arkhosia (City)]] for some recon to track down the escaped convicts, and expect a lot to happen here. It seems like he's only tolerating the [[Fishermen]] so they can help track down his targets. We say that we're just there because we need some money, and ask how he gets around - he shows his ambassadorial badge that lets him get most places he wants, but it comes with the implied approval of the [[Zalev]] government. It seems like [[Captain Fretze|Fretze]] threatens us lightly, and [[Costi]] returns the sentiment. It seems more tense, but only as undercurrents. He says it shouldn't be too much longer, he has a timeline in mind. [[Rez]] asks about [[Doha]], and [[Captain Fretze|Fretze]] says he'll tell her we saw him, but he wishes she would cut back on the drawing - it's starting to distract her.

[[Rez]] says we should meet for drinks, and he asks where we're staying, she says at the [[Chapel of the Lost]], and he's at the [[Zalev Embassy in Arkhosia]]. He hints at inviting us but alludes to the [[Zalevi Embassy Break-in]], we all move on quickly. [[Costi]] asks if he's going to [[Fire Raiser Attack in Arkhosia City]] and he says the whole city goes. We get a bit tense at the end, and [[Rez]] looking at him as a puzzle to try and find a weakness, sees that the whole conversation has been a surgical effort to trip us up, learn more, or test us. Even has he leaves, he pauses and turns around just to see our reaction. He's trying to find out why we intrigue him, he's knows there something but doesn't quite know what - he's toying with his food but wants to know what's our role. 

We discuss how to break into the back offices, [[Rez]] proposes visibly doing a 7 minutes in heaven with [[Jade]], who's very down. As we're planning, [[Giary]] comes and tells us he booked the [[Admirials Office]] job on the 23rd, and also won us 85 gp in bets. [[Jade]] asks him if people hook up which prompts [[Giary]] to establish his non-monogamy with [[Rez]]. He gets excited and it starts to spiral. A joke about if [[Rez]] and [[Jade]] have already hooked up goes to just ask permission from [[Dharbeed Tzaavi]] for us all to bang in his office. He gets the key. [[Jade]] and [[Rez]] realize their plan might need legs now. 

They get into the office and realize it's just... an office. [[Rez]] decides to use her last bit of magic and make a bed - but with her limitations it can only be a twin. They decide to tie him up so he can't get involved, and a blindfold for good measure. We keep him occupied enough we can search the office. They split to their respective skillsets, [[Rez]] mage hands enough to distract and [[Jade]] goes through his desk while making mouth sounds. She finds some paperwork, but ontop of the desk she finds some personal poems written perhaps to "your lips are like wine, your eyes are like sand. To see you again, well that would be grand." "There was once a man from [[Arkhosia]], who thought that he'd like to get to knows ya. I miss you so dear, so talk to me (dear but fine a new word), and maybe we'll go ride some boats, yeah?" Hidden within there she also finds a scrap with half-torn through letters. She looks for a match, which reveals the message - "Yes, 6 containers fit aboard the ship" - Captain [[Demeril]] of the [[Chasing Daylight]]. Then they do have group sex -- [[Giary]] doesn't quite live up to expectations, but [[Jade]] and [[Rez]] both blow his socks off, [[Rez]] naturally so. 

Meanwhile, [[Freya]] and [[Costi]] talk to [[Hugh]]. He's not sure what's wrong, but he can tell something is off. [[Freya]] asks if he feels bad, and [[Costi]] wants to know why it happened. [[Hugh]] says he was scared, not angry, and when prompted to try to talk to [[Moradin]] he says he's used that today. They encourage him to try anyways, but he doesn't want to try while still at the [[Bloody Waters]]. [[Costi]] says this is all part of being human, he could pass through the living things cube, but more importantly - he made a mistake. [[Hugh]] says he doesn't want to come here anymore. [[Costi]] says he's sure [[Moradin]] would understand, and that they can patch it up. 

[[Jade]] and [[Rez]] return just in time for [[Jade]] to mention she thinks something is going on with the Gods (3 of them in fact) and [[Hugh]]. [[Freya]] asks if we should talk back at the hotel instead, and so [[Costi]] tries to chug his bottle of limoncello, and gets emergency cured by [[Hugh]] before it gets too messy, and [[Rez]] goes to get our money. We're each paid 390gp EACH, or 1,950 total. 

We get back to the [[Chapel of the Lost]], she tells us about the potential role of [[Corellon Larethian]] then [[Pelor]] then [[Moradin]], we remark that it doesn't seem to immediately pull with [[TrueSilver]]. We try to determine how bad the situation is, and [[Rez]] asks him to heal one of her lingering wounds from the fight - but as he does, necrotic energy replaces the healing he normally gets, and [[Costi]] takes a minor amount of damage instead. [[Freya]] notices a brief flash of black flame within his [[Adrienne Spout|Adrienne]] frame as he attempts to heal. [[Jade]] gets her glasses flash again as this happens. 

[[Jade]] grabs [[The Unnatural Naturality]] and flips to [[Moradin]], who is near [[Pelor]] and [[Corellon Larethian]], as all part of the first of [[The Ascended]]. They're said to have known each other in life, but are part of the first created humanoids who had a greater time to build that power. They were all champions of their races while alive, and were devotees of [[Tyr]] and [[Torm]] - their creaters. They fought for good as the [[Prime Material]] became a battlefield and an extremely dangerous place to live. As part of [[The Ascended]] they all stayed on the [[Prime Material]]. [[Hugh]] shares that they all are real but agreed never to come back to the [[Prime Material]], because it was too problematic. 

We all agree to go to the [[Temple of the Setting Sun]] first thing in the morning. [[Jade]] thinks it has less to do with [[Hugh]] and more about the other gods. [[Rez]] asks why [[TrueSilver]] would care, and [[Freya]] clarifies that [[Hugh]] didn't make promises. 

[[Freya]] drops a teaser that [[Niko]] really believed his bullshit, but [[Costi]] is too tired to talk about it. Before bed, [[Rez]] reluctantly gives [[Freya]] the [[Circlet of Sending]], "Hi [[Akros]], crazy question - have you ever seen another firbolg? I mean, other than me? I meant to ask earlier, but forgot. It's important. Thank you", he replies "In short, yes! In my youth, lots of traveling. Hard to recount accurately in limited space, next time I see you we'll talk about it."

[[Rez]] asks for the [[Circlet of Sending]], and [[Freya]] agrees if she gives her something really juicy. So [[Rez]] does. She shares that she likes to sponsor artists who are special when they're just starting so they can produce their art. And she needs to talk to [[Vask]] so they can support [[Doha]] with her drawing before [[Captain Fretze|Fretze]] stamps out her inspriation. [[Freya]] has a lot of questions. Yes, she does it with Vask, but not the rest of her family.  Yes it's a lot of money, but who's to really say it's not like [[Rez]] rarely keeps track of it - they care more about things than gold. She's from a smaller town, and the nicest house of nice houses there. [[Freya]] hands over the circlet in bafflement, and then they go to bed.

Right before bed [[Victoria Several]] sendings to [[Freya]], "Bad news - difficulty arranging appointment without raising suspicion. Vault is on 23rd floor, wish I could help more", [[Freya]] responds, "Thank you for trying, that much is extremely helpful. If there's anything else you think of, just let us know quickly"

We talk about [[Niko]] for a bit and whether or not he believes the new [[Fire Raisers]] line, or if they're just trying to get us to keep working with them, and what it means that they don't seem to trust us anymore. But we catch a sad glimpse of [[Hugh]] sitting in front of an empty grate. We decide to get him to the [[Temple of the Setting Sun]]. He heads to his [[Supply Closet Hearth]]. He asks for privacy, so [[Costi]] goes to drink with the [[Yondala]] worshippers. [[Rez]] wants to skive off and go to the [[Platinum Sanctuary of Arkhosia]], but is convinced to stay by a betting game of boulder-parchment-shears with [[Freya]]. [[Jade]] stands guard. 

As [[Hugh]] enters, he finds a small blue flame still there. He says he's tired of being scared, of being scared of losing his friends - his first friends that he can remember. He's tired of being scared. The flames seem to start to caress him. He also says [[Jade]] says 3 gods are mad at him, is that true? There's no clear answer from the fire. He says he knows we need money to [[Resurrect Adrienne]], but he's not sure how to get it - and a lot of people are relying on [[Hugh]] to bring her back. He casts divination to say "How can I [[Resurrect Adrienne]], without making all of the gods mad at me" - as he kneels, he can feel that coldness where the flame was begin to build, as the flames in hearth begin to grow. A long blue tendril reaches out closer to him, and as the spell starts to end, the fire has almost grown out of the hearth, and touches the glass vial and [[Hugh]]'s vision goes bright white. 

He sees the clash of weapons, and looks down and sees his army outfit, with his name on his sleeve- [[SVN529]]. He sees enemies from the [[The Slavaadi College]], and [[Hugh]] sees the enemy charging towards him. He decides to drop his mace, and block the stabbed man behind him. He gets reprimanded and handed his weapon, as the enemy continues to attack. As he hold his mace, he sees a bit of black eminating off his hand. As he look at it, and understands that his purpose is to kill. And yet, he knows he doesn't want that. As he winds back to swing, compelled, the face in front of him is suddenly recognizable - a green scaled dragonborn with blue veins, and a mischeavious smile - who is suddenly killed by the solider at his side. His current memories seem distant, and the purpose to kill grows stronger. He decides to fight. His first kill is a young female face with short cropped blonde hair, with two scars (almost like her face was pulled apart and put back together), the next reveals to be a middle aged man with a serious face and tired eyes with a bun of dark hair. [[Hugh]] lays waste to them, and once the bodies are all on the ground, he sees the bodies of both sides, and the anxiety begins to build. The fog clears and [[Hugh]] remembers the last few months. He bends down and grabs the nearest body to cast revivify. She breathes, and her old wrinkled gnome face grins up at him. He takes time to try to mend all of the bodies around him, each disappearing as they are healed. Once the ground is clear, he turns to the sounds of crackling flames: one black with what seems like red lightning and one silver with blue threaded through. He hears two voices, one low rough, but warm, and the other calm higher and soothing, speaking in tandem, "Your path is yours to make, and yours to follow. It is for you to decide whether I can follow you. I must trust that a champion of mine is pure. Make your choice". He moves into the silver flame, and it wraps around his body before collecting in the vial on his chest. 

He comes back to, and sees the hearth growing, and a small flickering flame in his chest. He grabs it and says "I have you back [[Adrienne Spout|Adrienne]]". He hears a soft sound of harp music and feels the response to his divination: the flames billow up, taking on an almost greenish tint at the top, as they pillow up and out into a pillar than spills down. There's the light fluting of harp strings, and underneath the colum of green cascading flames there is a dark red ember, that if you squint looks like it's almost the shape of a harp. It burns a deep crimson and melts off the coal. As they begin to subside, the whole shape comes down and beat once quickly in the shape of leathery wings.

[[Hugh]] tells us what happened, and we discuss what both the memory and the vision means. We debate a lot, especially about the interpretation of the silver and black flames. [[Jade]] finds someone in the temple to ask if they've been set on fire - he's says that's an extreme outdated practice that doesn't really happen any more. It seems like [[Hugh]] is a bit more of a fundamentalist than we previously understood. 

We go to clean up a drunken [[Costi]] and leave the [[Temple of the Setting Sun]]. 









