---
type: detailed-notes
up:
  - - Session Log
prev:
  - - notes-74
---

# Detailed Notes: Session 75

[[Rez]] meets up with [[The Unforged Few|Our Party]] at the [[Halls of the Dead]]. We say maybe we'll go meet [[Caleb Schleuse]]. We recap where we've seen [[Freya's Mysterious Circles]] before and [[Rez]] thinks we should maybe put it in a lead box - but when she gets it from [[Freya]] to transfer it, we notice it has no markings on it. In fact, it's a DIFFERENT STONE. We try to think of where it could've gone - we don't remember [[Henrik]] specifically having an opportunity. As we discuss, we realize we never identified it specifically. [[Costi]] thinks there might be some type of spell to swap it with another object or return it home, but isn't sure what. 

We journey up to [[Wyndla’s Wyvern]], a large green building with crooked windows and is built right up agains the guilded way, in some of the nicer parts of the [[Driftrock]]. We overhear [[Rhend Triverswill]] talking to [[Neiragneg|Neir]] about [[Del Scrucks]] potentially being up for a seat on [[The Circle]]. We reconnect with him, and [[Rez]] invites him to play hookie for the day with us. He's not enthused at first, but eventually relents. He leaves a note "breaking lead in wyvern research, will be back".

We find out he's in room 43, and head up to introduce ourselves. A well dressed gnome, in ornate elaborate clothes covered in inkspots, he's old for a gnome, wears small spectacles at the end of his nose and poofy white hair. He sports a thin mustache, and is enthused to meet us. He offers us tea, and a healthy dose of Dizzit. Turns out he NEEDS to stay awake when an idea hits. 

[[Costi]] starts to snoop, and [[Freya]] brings up getting a book from [[Professor Leonard Klipitz]]. He's extremely intersted in what he's working on, he's clearly jealous. She softly intros [[Freya's Mysterious Circles]], and tries to learn where he first saw it. When he was doing introductory research at [[The Slavaadi College]], he wanted to learn 'why'? He began theorizing about the creation of other planes. This was when he was reading [[The Unnatural Naturality]], he used the margins to jot down the symbol he found in a different book. We ask which, and he starts to try to remember. [[Neiragneg|Neir]] gives him a flash of genuis, and as we watch, [[Costi]] helps direct him to a book, [[Drimbias Shaziros]]. It's a handwritten autobiography from a long time ago, who traveled the planes a lot - she called herself a plane-drifter. She died about 200 year ago. He paid someone to find this book. Some believe she had high-elven lineage, which is rare since almost all of them died. We asked about who were known. He mentions the family of [[Stalwart Mudd]], who became too diluted, [[Seravana]] who died in the [[The Three Dragons War]], and [[Valcano]] who is believed to be killed. [[Rez]] has a nagging thought of the conversation from [[Victoria Several|Victoria]], but nothing comes fully to mind. She claims to have been born on the [[City of Brass]] on the [[Elemental Plane of Fire]]. [[Costi]] tries to presuade him to sell us the book for less, using his fandom of [[Sanderson Brando]]'s early smut series. He's deeply embarrassed but gives it to us for 150gp. 

[[Freya]] asks what he thinks the symbol means, and he says he assumes they are planes. [[Rez]] asks if they align to the number of planes there are, which is no - there's many more than could fit. When she followed-up if there are the same circles as 'main' planes, he's more intrigued but mostly just theorizes. 

He teases his new project regarding [[The Shadowfell]]. [[Rez]] shows him her [[Shadowfell Shard]], and he taps it with his tuning fork, and somehow transfers it's essence to a small stone in a box on the side. He seems elated, and we learn he can use that to now travel there, it remembers whichever plan it last associated with. We claim no fair, and he gives us back the money from the book. [[Costi]] asks if he's focused on the undead, to which he says anyone studying [[The Shadowfell]] must be focused on undead at least a little, given the war there. [[Rez]] knows about that - she stumbles through an explanation about powerful people who fight undead and [[The Raven Queen]] is there too. [[Costi]] knows a lot too. He asks if we go, to bring him a leaf. We say sure. 

On the way out we run into [[Rhend Triverswill]], who immediately needs an update. [[Rez]] introduces herself, and he recognizes her! As [[Vask]]'s sister... She's put out, then pivots and asks how he knows him. Apparently they had a drunken debauchorus night together. She checks in on her appointment request, and he says it's in progress - in 9 or 10 months. He asks who is with him, and he says it was the wyvern report. [[Costi]] pulls an alter self into a dragonborn, but panics over the details and we all crack. The intern [[Borum Galdsman, the 4th]] will staff him at a dinner, after his meeting at the Docks. He's absoutely insufferable, and tries to flex on his family from the [[Slavaadi College]]. [[Rez]] flirts her way into finding out where he'll be at dinner, a restaurant [[the Fold]]. As we leave [[Costi]] alters self to be [[Rhend Triverswill]] and says he needs to change dinner to [[Flounder's]]. 

[[Rez]] asks [[Neiragneg|Neir]] about the mention of [[Del Scrucks]], he's been canvassing for him. [[Neiragneg|Neir]] says he thinks [[Rhend Triverswill]] will be meeting with the [[Fire Raisers]], but he doesn't know what's going on. We reference the illusions he did at the [[Bellisme Show]], and we think he might be involved again. 

We say he can hang out with us now, and give him a very brief run down of our relationship with [[Julian Slater-Runehorn]] and say we're heading to [[Weavers Worn Wears]]. [[Neiragneg|Neir]] confides that his work has been impacted by giving up the [[Tophat of the Sharp Mind]]. But he wants us to keep it. [[Hugh]] buys him ice cream for his day off in thanks.

We finally make it see [[Dwuarva]]. She's excited about our work with [[Julian Slater-Runehorn|Julian]] and we kind of dance around it. She leads us into the back toward the tapestry she procured. Dragons fill the sky around a large white walled city by a lake. The fires are so vivid you almost feel heat. [[Hugh]] thinks it's once of the nicest he's seen, [[The Burning of Thelran Asari]]. It's incredible, she says she got it in an auction in [[Quaath]]. [[Rez]] says she might know a more suited buyer. [[Costi]] detects magic and sees another item nearby, it's a [[Horn of Blasting]]. We buy it and head out. 

We vet [[Neiragneg|Neir]] with the help of a Zone of Truth from [[Hugh]]. We decide he's good, and ask  [[Arjun Desmond]] who has been meeting with [[Rhend Triverswill]] who is a merchant of fine mentals, who has been liasing with the [[Fire Raisers]]. He works at the [[Copper Foundry]], which is part of the  [[Refinery]]. We give him a run down of our current plans, and start thinking about the bombs and the fuses. [[Rez]] starts thinking about her song of creation, and tries to create a break in a magical object -- using [[Neiragneg|Neir]]'s shield to make buckles in the solid metal guard. With some help from [[Neiragneg|Neir]] and some self-help talk. It works! But does seem to risk making it mundane in pieces. 

We spend the rest of the night talking and prepping, and go to bed. 