---
type: detailed-notes
up:
  - - Session Log
prev:
  - - notes-103
---
# Detailed Notes: Session 104

We make a circle around [[Viliki]] to say our goodbyes - starting at the [[Ratoucha]]. We thank [[Lara Frozenwatcher]] for her help, she's baffled at our success but promises to keep our effectively weaponized incompetence a trade secret. We promise to put in a good word for her with the [[Mayor Galfeedz Drakurshire]] and [[Cliff Burbank]]. 

Next, we find [[Marina Alduchev]] and thank her. She recommends [[Costi]] as [[Cliff Burbank|Cliff]] to put in a word with [[AVAD]] for him to have a honorary diploma. We all get distracted on whether or not it's cooler for [[Costi]] to be a drop out. We tell her she could find a new friend in [[Trisha]], and [[Adrienne Spout|Adrienne]] is able to read how she feels about that. She thinks [[Marina Alduchev]] is maybe not the biggest fan of them, but not sure why. 

We stop by [[Mayor Galfeedz Drakurshire]], he negates our blood writs of authority, is very happy with our work. We recommend [[Lara Frozenwatcher]] for promotion. 

We say goodbye to [[Pooka]], who's bought fresh cheese in case we come back. 

Leaving [[Viliki]] like we lived it, we spend the rest of our time drinking at the [[Founding Flagon]]. Running a little late, [[Halv]] finally makes it to the bar. [[Freya]] alters self to get red hair, tries to out captivate [[Rez]], but seems to be a little confused on what that word means. Distracted, [[Halv]] able to sneak up on [[Costi]] with a knife. [[Rez]] implies the ghost sent her, and [[The Unforged Few|Our Party]] introduces ourselves. [[Hugh]] tries to convince him he's his dad, it comes off a little heavy-handed. He says he's scared of [[Shari]] and happy to come with us - but misses his best friend [[Chai]], do we know what happened to him? [[Rez]] says he also turned into a ghost, and "tries" to talk to him, but says he's too busy. Ghosts have mysterious ways, you know. 

We meet [[Trisha]] and start making our way to the [[Burbank Compound]]. Over dinner, of banana pancakes, we get an update on what [[Trisha]] and her guards learned. [[Lance Corporal Jalvena Kharim|Jalvena]], for the last 3 and a half years, was working to bring [[Viliki]] under the control of the [[Eberronian First Division]]. She had issues with the [[People/Eberron/Burbanks|Burbanks]] approach to necromancy. There's correspondence between her and several figures in the [[Eberronian First Division]]. Colonel [[Nacrissa Thrudec]] has claimed ignorance to the sedition, and is sending 6 of the conspirators to the [[Burbank Compound]]. They believe she was in control of the undead that were created, and was forging records of ownership - to try and create a coup or frame someone in [[Viliki]]. The rest of the necromancers are dead, [[Zesnel Ponner]] seemed to originally be in on it, then tortured into compliance the last few months. There's no record of [[Shay]], or [[Gregory]]. Two names are affiliated with the [[flesh stitched behemoth]],  [[Burston Courtev]], [[Jezeten]] and [[Salid]], [[New Fairhaven]], with their addresses. [[Trisha]] assumes [[Clifford Burbank, the 5th|Fivey]] will want to hear how we fought this creature. [[Trisha]] is very thankful, but [[The Unforged Few|Our Party]] picks up that she seems to know a suspicious amount in such a short period of time. 

Meanwhile [[Costi]] and [[Halv]] play a terrifying game of tag, aided by magical flying brought on by [[Costi]]. He tries to caution him against murder pacts, but offers to teach him to read instead. We all dive in on teaching him things, then get minorly concerned about our impact on him. [[Costi]] drafts a sending to [[Costi's mom]]. 

We entertain ourselves on. the road back. [[Costi]] tries to reads more about the necromancy books, [[Adrienne Spout|Adrienne]] gets a read on how she feels about [[The Unforged Few|Our Party]], [[Freya]] decides to sending to [[Ronan]], "It’s freya. Its been a while. I died recently and it made me want to reach out and say …. Fuck you! What happened? Why??". He responds, "I am so happy you reached out, I can't answer in 25 words. But nothing would make me happier than talking - where are you?"

[[Freya]] and [[Adrienne Spout|Adrienne]] have a chat, about the died and came back club. They have different takes though - [[Freya]] feels invincible while [[Adrienne Spout|Adrienne]] is too aware she can die. They swap immediate reactions, [[Adrienne Spout|Adrienne]] swore her life purpose to [[Corellon Larethian]] and [[Freya]] reveals that she messaged [[Ronan]]. [[Adrienne Spout|Adrienne]] pushes back against trusting him, says maybe she shouldn't reveal her location, and [[Freya]] doubts her ability to manage it. [[Rez]] pops in to say they could help her draft responses. 

One night [[Adrienne Spout|Adrienne]] asks [[Rez]] if [[Hugh]] blamed himself when she died - [[Rez]] says yea, but thinks that's about him and not her. [[Adrienne Spout|Adrienne]] agrees and says she'd feel the same. That part doesn't really compute, but [[Rez]] agrees it could be nice to talk to [[Hugh]] about it. 

As we go to bed, [[Costi]] gets a message from [[Marina Alduchev]], "Costi! Costi! Step outside - we don't have much time". He goes, following her voice, and she leads him to the treeline. She hugs him, then says she was sorry she had to keep her distance in [[Viliki]], but "we" had to sneak through the [[Wardens]]. She reveals she's part of [[ELA]]. She says soon after we left, [[Trisha]]'s goons swept through town and did massive arrests: including [[Shari]] and some of [[ELA]]'s informants like [[Nicky]]. She asks him to leave a gate open, and they'll take care of the rest. He gives her the heads up that the [[People/Eberron/Burbanks|Burbanks]] might not be upset if he does leave a gate open, he thinks that [[Costi's Dad|Vladimir Grosu]] might've trusted them. She says that would mean a lot, the [[Grosu]] family is very respected, but that they've also executed many of their members in the past. [[Costi]] asks if they have any other plans, she says they care most about freeing [[Nicky]]. The first night back, she asks him to leave an outer gate open, and to send [[Samuel]] with a cipher to a dead drop spot she notes on a map. As she leaves, she tells him: "[[Follow the warm embrace]]"

We arrive back at the [[Burbank Compound]], and that the family would like to have dinner tonight. [[Halv]] gets dropped off, and they say they'll find a good role for him - and make sure he still continues to learn to read. We tell him to be good, have fun trouble, and the ghost will check in.

[[Costi]] shares what he learned from [[Marina Alduchev]], and we discuss if we get involved. [[Freya]] shares that when she got trouble, he was quick to bring in [[Adrienne Spout|Adrienne]] and [[Rez]] to hurt her - so there's every reason to think that would happen here. We decide to do dinner first, see what we can suss out, and then make a decision.

[[Cliff Burbank|Cliff]] is very pleased with us, and we talk about [[Viliki]]. He knows [[Marina Alduchev]] by name, and is enthused about her projection - says they donated substantively to it. He confirms that [[Lance Corporal Jalvena Kharim|Jalvena]] had loyalists burning out the habitat and supplying weapons to the harpies. He also says that [[Security Director Aldi]] has been working with [[Shari's Boys]], and they had a romance. [[Security Director Aldi]] and [[Shari]] are both set to be hanged for treason, but the "boys" will rehabilitated as best as possible. He says the hangings will take place tomorrow: 6 of the members of the [[Eberronian First Division]], several of the highest members of [[Shari's Boys]], [[Shari]], [[Security Director Aldi]], and [[Nicky]] - who they arrested as an informant to [[Shari's Boys]], but they determined is also an informant to the [[ELA]]. There were papers they deciphered, [[Groups and Organizations/Burbanks|Burbanks]] have broken one of their most used ciphers, but he doesn't believe they know that. 

They update us that [[Quinn Keplin]] should be here within three or four days, and recommends [[The Unforged Few|Our Party]] stays close to the [[Burbank Compound]]. 

We ask [[Clifford Burbank, the 5th|Fivey]] for tips about killing vampires, he says to become a spawn you must be killed by being drained but then each vampire has their own arcane process to complete the transformation, requiring a coffin that will be tied to your undeath. To kill a full vampire, they only have a short time to get back to their coffin. A wooden stake, while they are resting, will immobilize them. The more powerful the vampire, the less problematic the sun is to them - they all dislike it though. We show a minor illusion of [[Shay]] and they aim to help us track them down. When we bring up the [[flesh stitched behemoth]], [[Trisha]] brings up there's more questions than answers there. They bring our reward, 500gp each and 6 beautiful diamonds, 1000gp worth.  

[[Cliff Burbank|Cliff]] says the [[Three Dukes]] are sending requests for our notes on infiltration, and that we should draft those over the next few days. He ends dinner with a warning that [[Julian Slater-Runehorn|Julian]] could be on his way back at any time, now that it will be known [[Adrienne Spout|Adrienne]] is at the [[Burbank Compound]]. We stress that he doesn't like [[The Unforged Few|Our Party]], but they give a special warning that he especially hates [[Costi]] - but seemed to miss [[Adrienne Spout|Adrienne]] as much as he's capable. We also learn. [[Henrik]] is only casually in [[Julian Slater-Runehorn|Julian]]'s employ currently. 

We have a night cap with [[Clifford Burbank, the 5th|Fivey]] and [[Trisha]], both [[Adrienne Spout|Adrienne]] and [[Rez]] end up joining them. 

[[Costi]], [[Freya]], and [[Hugh]] discuss the plan to leave open a gate. [[Freya]] warns about the consequences, but [[Hugh]]'s dislike of the [[Groups and Organizations/Burbanks|Burbanks]] overrides his desire to get his memories back. He's going to polymorph himself to a bug, ride [[Samuel]] who will find and decide an ideal entrance, turn him into [[Costi]] (alter self into someone else), he will open the gate, then he'll re-bug and ride [[Samuel]] back to our room. 

[[Samuel]] does a good job scouting the area, and finds a service gate along the northern wall, where he deposits [[Costi]]. He disguises himself, then checks for traps. He notices an extra wire, and tries to disarm it. He sees several realities where alarms go off all over camp, before finding the correct way to separate it. He struggles to pick the lock, almost breaking his pick, before once again rewinding time to finally open it. He rides [[Samuel]] back, and seemingly made it work. 

Not wanting to risk the [[ELA]] cipher, he uses the [[Circlet of Sending]] to tell [[Marina Alduchev]], "Cipher broken, telling you - gate at (description). Still need map? If not, new cipher?", she responds, "No, this is excellent. Stay inside. Hopefully we're in and out and no one knows we're here". 

[[Adrienne Spout|Adrienne]] returns in the middle of the night. [[Rez]] comes back in the morning, after hearing from [[Trisha]] that the executions will take place early this morning and it might look good for some of us to attend. [[Adrienne Spout|Adrienne]], [[Costi]], [[Rez]], and [[Freya]] decide to go, [[Hugh]] goes to the garden. When we arrive, the platform has 11 nooses arranged. On the platform with the [[People/Eberron/Burbanks|Burbanks]] is [[Ligo]] and a large gray-furred minotaur. 

The prisoners are lead out: [[Zesnel Ponner]], [[Security Director Aldi]], [[Shari]], [[Nicky]], [[Marina Alduchev]], and [[Private Hageth]]. [[Trisha]] responds to a message that apparently there was a break-in last night. They each have a moment to say final words, some silent, some prepared, [[Shari]] weeping for [[Security Director Aldi]]'s death, [[Private Hageth]] confused. [[Marina Alduchev]] makes an [[ELA]] salute, and they are all hung. 

We overhear that [[Private Hageth]] was executed for grave incompetence - a gate on his watch was left open...

[[Adrienne Spout|Adrienne]] goes to warn [[Hugh]], who confronts the guards that told him [[Private Hageth]] was off duty today. They warn that they were not to upset him, and [[Hugh]] calls them cowards. 

We all debrief for a moment, emotional at what happened, and whatever our role in it might've been. We're somber and everyone breaks to deal in their own way. 
