---
type: detailed-notes
up:
  - - Session Log
prev:
  - - notes-57
---

# Detailed Notes: Session 58

We chat a bit before bed, [[Hugh]] gives up his room to move in with [[Costi]]. [[Rez]] sendings to [[Ghez Yhutl]], he doesn't know how sendings work... 

In the morning we talk about our plan. We still want to meet up with [[Khequii]], [[Jade]] and [[Rez]] try to remember how [[Ulia Glorsbade]]'s assistants locked. Some wore the [[Goodbarrels]] symbol, but others were in armor. We also want to figure out what we can about [[Pruvki Forgaveat]], and [[Costi]] sends to [[Costi's mom]] asking where he can find him, or to meet at..... *dang*. She responds, "enjoy yourself in [[Arkhosia (City)]], I'll ask around, his location, specific location is tightly guarded, where's dang?". We talk about if [[Hugh]] will send a response, and he asks the staff for a recommendation, they suggest [[the Flute and Flake]] for a medium priced sandwich, close to [[Sciorca's Clutch]]. 

We finally get a plan together. [[Hugh]] does some sendings - "hello [[Srictha]], asking today for the location. Where should we meet, and when?" "Welcome to town, tonight? Dinner? [[Puzzler's]]. Lower [[Oceantouched]], 8:30. Don't dress too nice." We discuss what to send to [[Costi's mom]], and end up with, "Hello wife, [[Costi]] ran out of words, meeting at [[Puzzler's]], [[Oceantouched]], after 10 or 8 tomorrow morning. Stay safe." "hello [[Hugh]], I'll try to pass along. [[Pruvki Forgaveat]] hard to access, might take time. Tomorrow, give me location of where you're staying. Will coordinate. Best,". 

We also write a note to [[Ellinev Del]] to confirm our appointment, and leave the location up to here, "Hey!!!! Wanted to let you know where we're staying, it's the [[Chapel of the Lost]], it's super nice. Can't wait for dinner tomorrow to hang out, let us know where we can catch up just us. What fun!!! - [[Rez]], [[The Unforged Few]]". [[Rez]] hires the hotel staff at [[Hugh]]'s suggestion, and they give us the rush fee to be sure it'll be delivered today. We also ask them where some stores we're looking for are, [[Xixitahns]] is is [[The Claw]], and [[Weavers Worn Wears]] is in [[Driftrock]]. We're warned to be careful, as the housing was built over so many mining tunnels it's prone to regular collapse.  [[Kildee's Ink and Quill]]  in [[Sciorca's Clutch]]. We ask for a potion recommendation, somewhere industrious, she'll look into for us, her name is [[Welcome]]. We also ask about how to tour the [[Halls of the Dead]], she says the chapel is open for pilgrims, and a fee is based on how deep the desired gravesite is. 

We figure out the Flyteway system and get on a private car to [[Driftrock]], to try and go talk to [[Khequii]] at [[Kindess Kiln]]. [[Jade]] does an excellent job diguising us. [[Rez]] uses her creative ability to make a replica [[Ulia Glorsbade]] fuse. We discuss what to say if the [[Fire Raisers]] try to get to [[Ulia Glorsbade]] through us, and mostly decide to run away if [[Costi]] detects anything amiss while reading [[Khequii]]'s mind. On the way, [[Costi]] decides to create a silent image to dart out of the flyteway and into an alley to test for tails, and a pretty unremarkable elf steps off and follows. Following the same pattern at the next stop, [[Costi]] tries doing detect thoughts on a series of nondescript humanoids to see if he can find another tail. A pale yellow dragonborn reading a book has the image of [[Freya]] running out of the car with an feeling of pride. We also decide to swing by a random store to try and shake any tails, and ask where the [[Kindess Kiln]] is. 

[[Rez]] pops into a resturant to uses plateware as a cover to ask where to find pottery, they just so happen to know about [[Kindess Kiln]] and tell about how they take the dangerous mining waste and turn it into plate ware. How perfect is that? It seems near the entrance gold mines, maybe the silver. Outside, the rest of the party tries to keep an eye on the dragonborn, but can't seems to find them. We try to walk a circuitous route, but [[Costi]] and [[Hugh]] get a bit winded so we have to take a break for an hour, so we duck in to a bar named [[the Limping Candle]] to grab a beer. We discuss our plan one more time, and [[Hugh]] tries to fix up his knee but the bartender is not helpful. 

After our rest, [[Freya]] takes point trying to direct us to the [[goldmines]] to find [[Kindess Kiln]]. As we go, [[Hugh]] recognizes a face that was in the bar with us, a dwarf. We discuss if we should intervene in any way but all our options seem inconspicious. [[Costi]] encourages [[Rez]] to try suggestion him, and she pretends to drop a bunch of coins. Bumping into him, she *suggests* he go somewhere to nurse that shoulder, and when he seems to be shaking it off, she pings him with another coin, relenting. He says he'll go sit outside the mines before his shift, lets hope he's really our tail and not some poor random guy who's day we've just ruined... oh well.

We finally arrive at the [[Kindess Kiln]], [[Freya]] and [[Hugh]] step into the store next door and [[Hugh]] does an excellent job being cutely distracting. [[Costi]], [[Jade]], and [[Rez]] head into the pottery store that is definitely NOT a bar ([[Costi]]). A white aarakocra with black tips pulled back into a psuedo-ponytail behind the bar. 

[[Rez]] says we've been working on creating some ourself, learning from an artisan named [[Ulia Glorsbade]], if we could talk privately about our work? "not what I.. Tinkantan", "They haven't said it... I'm not sure... not who I", "not who I, too tall, Tinkantan, set". [[Rez]] and [[Costi]] message panic and decide to step up and call out his thoughts, saying we know we're not the person he expected. With some quick portent use from [[Costi]], we convince him to talk to us privately. We say we're assistants, but she's an absent minded genuis and doesn't have time to run errands (or tell us the details), it shockingly sort of works. He tells us that he doesn't know what the message is, but will get it to us when we leave. He gives us 3 GPs and tells us to pay with that. He says we should keep our ears open, and that we'll find our next stop soon. He warns us that it's hotter in the richer areas, and [[Driftrock]] and [[Oceantouched]] are safer, that we should watch out for the [[Fishermen]], they're not sure if they're trustworthy. He thinks the guards are based in the mines, and hide in random industries. He's not sure if [[Winifey|Winnie]] has made it town yet, buy [[Flyte]] is where she'd be, but no one goes within 3-4 days of visiting him. He also says a few folks have gone missing the last few days [[Capper]], a former miner, worked with his dad. He tells us to be safe.

He gives us a stack of ceramic plates, and we leave with our captive messages. We remove any labeling and try to make our way back to the [[Chapel of the Lost]]. On our way back in, [[Welcome]] found a potion shop for us, she recommends [[the Scalded]]. [[Rez]] hints that [[Costi]] has personal experience in a... *perssonal* place. [[Welcome]] send up a bowl of lotion, and while [[Rez]] is thrilled, [[Costi]] pies her in the face. It's a great time all around. 

[[Freya]] checks the room for magic, and then we open the package. We open it carefully so that we can re-wrap it if needed. There's a wooden box with 6 plates inside. [[Jade]] looks at the box but it seems relatively plain, [[Rez]] dumps water on the plate to see if changes, it doesn't. [[Hugh]] tries to heat them up, while [[Costi]] investigates them. We try some ashes, and rub it along the plate - the glaze pulls away to reveal a couple of symbols per each plate, lining up in the ascending order of the symbols on the back. It reveals a code, that we don't have a key for. [[Jade]] tries to puzzle it out, it seems like a total of 5 words. YDXBXCXB XCYY EXBXX XDZZEYX FAFA




