---
type: detailed-notes
up:
  - - Session Log
prev:
  - - notes-76
---

# Detailed Notes: Session 77

We wake up, and share [[Hugh]] vision from [[TrueSilver]] to [[Giary]]. We talk through the vision and try to mine any information that he might know to help contextualize. [[Giary]] shares that in [[Zalev]] when warrior-slaves are retired from fighting, they often maim them to try and prevent them from being able to fight in the future. That definitely could've been part of [[Niko]]'s life there. [[Jade]] gives him a 'friendship bracelet' that lets him be slightly better at what he was doing 3 times today. 

[[Hugh]] plans to do another divination, "Outside of those we know, which [[Fire Raisers]] would be willing to try and help us prevent loss of life", he looks at the fire burning in front of him. It becomes, what he can only describe as fancy, it takes on a colored edge around the flame with elaborate filigree and gold sparks bursting from the top. We think we should maybe call our acquaintance [[Rhene Blackstone]].  
[[Hugh]] sendings to him, "Can we meet for lunch/meeting today. You pick the spot (preferably cheap, we are poor now) need to discuss the next few days" he replies, "Can't, locked up. Got a plan, getting out. Be in touch. Tell [[Jade]] 'hey'."

[[The Miscasts]] arrives, [[Josh|Jinx]], [[Lorian]], and [[Jenson Davour]]. We introduce them to [[Neiragneg|Neir]], they're playing the [[Ichlior-Guruden Fundraiser]]! They're doing a few events for [[Delegates Day]], there are stages set at different places. They say there's a little over 30 stages, they're at 17 - between the [[Oceantouched]] and [[The Claw]], more in [[The Claw]]. It's on a cliff, by some stairs. This is bad news. They're playing at around 9:30 in the morning, the parade starts at 7 just after sunrise. They're supposed to arrive at the [[Suncrest Palace]] around 12. [[Josh|Jinx]] says nothing can stop the music, but both [[Lorian]] and [[Jenson Davour]] seem to understand. [[Jade]] references [[Rike's Rats]] but [[Josh|Jinx]] is mostly just sad at their loss. We're all skeptical. [[Jenson Davour]] says maybe they'll hire some security. 

We go get breakfast. We learn that business is booming, they're looking at some tour deals outside of the [[Southern Cities]]. Are working on expanding their fanbase. [[Hugh]] tries to gather some intel from [[Jenson Davour]] on why he always knows information. His job is to know people, he's from [[Jalantar]] and always liked music. Knew he wasn't a musician and so learned how to get involved from a bunch of his friends who were. He's recently cut ties with all his other clients to focus on [[The Miscasts]].

[[Rez]] asks [[Lorian]] about [[Corellon Larethian]] about the lore of oracles. He's not really in the know enough to know, he sees it more as connection to your roots and peace in music. He's not very into the crusading against evil. [[Jade]] pops in and out, trying to make things more normal. He asks why, and [[Rez]] says she's been thinking about [[Adrienne Spout|Adrienne]]. [[Jade]] sort of hints about [[Rez]] working for [[The Miscasts]], and she messages her to tell her they DON'T KNOW. 

[[Jade]] offers to sell drugs to [[Jenson Davour]], and they go to the bathroom for [[Hugh]] to open his chest cavity. He buys 4 ounces for 40 platinum. We wish them to be safe and then say goodbye. We got to get clothes fancy enough for the [[Ichlior-Guruden Fundraiser]].

As we're out shopping [[Jade]] stops in a weapons store to ask about rumors on [[Gaundon Skullmall]]. She buys a maul. [[Neiragneg|Neir]] spends another annual salary on cheese, and whiddles it into a convincing banana. He imbues it with STRONG essence of banana. [[Rez]] affixes some copper pieces to her dress. 

Right as we're ready to leave, someone from the [[Ichlior]] estate comes to escort us to the [[Ichlior-Guruden Fundraiser]], they have 5 mounts a hypogriff [[Freya]], a griffin ([[Rez]]), two pegasus ([[Hugh]] and [[Jade]]), a wyvern ([[Costi]] with [[Neiragneg|Neir]]). [[Rez]] sees that we get 30ft per second at their peak flying. [[Freya]] laments that she didn't prepare to be able to speak to them. We take scenic route, and eventually land at the [[Ichlior Estate]]. [[Freya]] and [[Hugh]] say goodbye to their mounts and try to memorize their colorings.

It's a gorgeous estate, with 5 separate gardens and lined with fruit trees. He touches one of the buttons on his jacket and we rise from a magical lift up into the house. We pass about 20 other landing pads before we get to our stop. It's a small size, we could fit a few more people but not many. He uses a small metal pass to open the door, as we move into a large airy chamber with an open wall into an outdoor space facing us. 

We meet [[Willen Guruden]], who greets us with hands full of both scotch and a cigar, rifle propped beside him. We thank our escort [[Zander]], and head in. He offers us drinks and we introduce him to [[Jade]] and [[Neiragneg|Neir]]. He's in a good mood and welcomes them seemingly genuinely. He's thrilled, through the tragedy of course, that this is driving people to [[The Guardians]]. He expects a strong political turn out for them. 

He toasts us to our heroics at [[Tinzelven]], at the [[Bellisime]], and our future heroics. As we talk, [[Costi]] starts thinking about if [[The Guardians]] are funding the [[Fire Raisers]], but doesn't seem to sense that [[Willen Guruden]] knows anything in particular. We head out to do some shooting. [[Rez]] bullshits that she's been practicing with the [[Ivory Pistol]], and [[Neiragneg|Neir]] says he's interested in using it. They decide to have shoot-off in which [[Rez]] just horribly whiffs. She's put out but gives the gun to [[Neiragneg|Neir]]. We all start to shoot together, [[Costi]] in particular doing well. 

He asks what's happened with us, and expresses his apologies for [[Adrienne Spout|Adrienne]]'s loss. [[Jade]] shares that we were fired from [[Julian Slater-Runehorn|Julian]]'s work, and [[Willen Guruden]] says that he's a pussy cat with no bite. He recommends he walk right up to him and shake his hand. He was in an adventuring group himself, he shares, "Guruden's Five", none of us have ever heard of them. He tells [[Rez]] that [[Deeksta]] says hello, and is staying back in [[Tinzelven]] as Deputy in his absence. We joke about the town being small, and he shares that the population is actually growing due to the unrest in the cities. [[Professor Leonard Klipitz]] has also indicated that we should talk with him at some point. 

We ask who will be at the event, he says every delegate in [[The Guardians]] who are in good standing. The other main shaker is [[Oppenheimer]], who's earned his place but is past is prime. He listens to [[Quillette Guruden]], so they're happy with that arrangement. Many military members as well, including [[High General Khjalni Nihir]], who rarely makes political appearances. He's a military mastermind, one of the youngest high generals in [[Arkhosia]] in decades. Came up from the military quickly. [[Captain Fretze|Fretze]] will of course be in attendance too. [[Ichlior]] should be here soon, who is from a long standing family, and he thinks hasn't fully earned his spot. Their representative on the [[TAI Committee]], [[Ricci Scrucks]], will be here. Given all the dead [[Dragon's Hide|Hidesman]], he'll maybe not be in the best shape. Additionally there will be some political movers and dignitaries, anyone important and supportive of conservative ideals. 

About this time two more dragonborn enter. One, [[Quillette Guruden]] polished with blue specs in her scales and small glasses on her snout. The other, [[Ichlior]] is in his generals uniform, with blue and green striped scales, older and formal. He's very warm in his welcoming of us, as people "fighting for the stability of [[Arkhosia]] and our dedication to security". He's insistent our traditions much stay strong. [[Quillette Guruden]] thanks us for saving [[Willen Guruden]] for saving things in [[Tinzelven]]. [[Rez]] recommends they stop by [[The Miscasts]] show, and they say we won't probably get the chance to talk again but they plan a lively night. [[Costi]] asks what happened last night, and [[Ichlior]] shares that 40 bombings went off, must be that the [[Fire Raisers]] are less good at their job since it was mostly property damage. Except at [[Corner 12]], where [[Ricci Scrucks]]'s welcome event for the [[Dragon's Hide|Hidesman]] lost about half of their force. [[Quillette Guruden]] jumps in to say that's sensitive information. We ask if they're worried about something happening tonight, and they brush it off. [[Ichlior]] says they'll be calling for a full investigation into the [[Dragon's Hide|Hidesman]] security capabilities given their lapses that allowed for the attacks to happen. [[Rez]] gets the sense that this motivated from a personal distate of [[Ricci Scrucks]]. They encourage us to enjoy tonight and put the activity of the [[Fire Raisers]] aside. 

We spend the next half hour chatting with [[Willen Guruden]], we give him the PG gossip of what we've done. He gives us some intel from [[Tinzelven]], but nothing jumps out. [[Rez]] shows him [[Rez's Riddle Machine]]. Then we make our way to start the actual fundraiser, right as we enter, he asks which of us is cashing in our favor - [[Hugh]] volunteers.

[[Jade]] notices something new in her pockets, and pulls out a note, which reads, **"S.W. stair, 5F 3rd, S.E. stair, 7F 5th"** We agree to wait a while for subtly's sake, until there are more people present. We don't know which window will be [[Niko]]'s or [[Cut]]'s. [[Costi]] and [[Neiragneg|Neir]] will have to make a gametime call. We'll have them do the 5th floor first, so [[Rez]] will make it to that corner and try messaging to [[Niko]], which may help us know which window is which person.

[[Costi]] thinks about [[Tevkosh Adelka]], and thinks it's a [[Tinkate]] name. So he and [[Hugh]] assume to look for a dark-skinned human, particularly with an [[Eberron]] guard. [[Hugh]] listens as he circulates through the early guests. 

We split into 3 groups to make it less noticable when people peel off: [[Costi]] and [[Neiragneg|Neir]], [[Rez]] and [[Freya]], [[Jade]] and [[Hugh]]. 

[[Jade]] begins her [[eating cheese]] mission. [[Hugh]] suggests that [[Giary]] could help. He's working the bar, in a slightly too small uniform. He's getting noticed, in particular, by the older ladies in attendance. [[Jade]] fakes to have an allergy to white cheese and says that it's too challenge to navigate the tables, [[Giary]] says he'll speak to a manager about consolidating it to one location. They get it moved to only 3 tables. 

[[Rez]] and [[Freya]] circle around the party, and see [[Ricci Scrucks]] and [[Relakas]]. He says they had about half of the total force at [[Corner 12]], and they were on their way there when it happened. He implies people might be looking at moving him up to [[The Circle]], though that might be more challenging with [[Ichlior]] and the bombings. When we question about the parade, he says we should get a pamphlet with the information very early tomorrow morning. He says the 7th floor is the private estate and off liimits, it's where [[Ichlior]] lives. He thinks the 5th floor is more populated with VIPs, it's where he hosts people and some of his nicer collections. [[Ricci Scrucks]] says [[First Officer Ghent]] knows what he's doing. [[Ricci Scrucks]] believes he'll likely be leading a strike force, [[First Officer Ghent]] the other. [[Del Scrucks]] will leads ops to be sure the parade continues, his goal is that people never know this was even going to happen. This all just leads to the actual [[Arkhosian Elections]], which they'll be in touch about. But our priority is [[Delegates Day]]. 

The party starts to fill up, and [[Costi]] spots [[Julian Slater-Runehorn|Julian]] across the room and they make eye contact. He gives him a chagrined and puppy-dog face of being afraid. [[Julian Slater-Runehorn|Julian]] sends [[Henrik]] over. He warns that he might come over to say hello later, and expresses his surprise to see [[The Unforged Few|Our Party]] here. He remembers [[Neiragneg|Neir]], and tells him his ability to handle himself might be hlepful. [[Costi]] begs for him not let [[Julian Slater-Runehorn|Julian]] talk to him, but [[Henrik]] says he loves [[Costi]]s claim to destroy him, he share the anecdotes at least once a week at a dinner party. Embarrassing. They agree that [[Costi]] has not a lick of power or control in this situation. [[Henrik]] and [[Neiragneg|Neir]] decide they'll get drinks, they've got similar lives. 

[[Jade]] and [[Hugh]] see a group of extremely well-dressed dwarves, with gorgeous ceremonial armor and weapons heading to one of the tables. [[Jade]]'s glasses flash gray ([[Whats up with Jade's Glasses]]?). Must be [[Gaundon Skullmall]]. He loads up his plate, but avoids the white cheese. They go in to back [[eating cheese]] operation happen. [[Hugh]] says he's familiar with his work, and [[Gaundon Skullmall]] says they are trying to make warforged, and if he wants to donate his body to industry when he dies he could contribute to a more powerful [[Zilvengrod]]. [[Jade]] asks about his work, and if he's traveled to [[Thalfar]]. He travels for contracts often, but waffles on support for sending weapons there. She says he must not have tried cave-raised cheese, and she flirts her way into him being interested with a flash of genius from [[Neiragneg|Neir]]. [[Hugh]] reminds [[Jade]] to teach him of the [[Thalfar]] eating customs, he addresses it with his right hand and opens his mouth wide, slowly putting the cheese into his mouth. Success! 

For a minute, [[Jade]]'s vision flashes to a younger [[Gaundon Skullmall]], maybe 30 years ago. He's in a stone edifice, rain outside, and is standing by a table, eating white cheese next to some bloody instruments, a scalpel and a hammer. He turns to look at [[Jade]] and she flashes back to today. 

He's enjoying the cheese. The mountain musk on the cheese remind him of home, he grew up in mountains. [[Hugh]] says his home is in a temple in [[Zilvengrod]] as welll. [[Gaundon Skullmall]] is surprised to see he's religious, and connects that it's [[TrueSilver]]. He asks [[Jade]] to meet up later, and she sort of agrees. One of his attendants asks where [[The Unforged Few|Our Party]] is staying to set something up. [[Jade]] gets a pleasant little warmth we assume is from [[The Curator]].

We get the message from [[Neiragneg|Neir]] and [[Costi]] that it's their time to shine, to [[Rez]] and [[Hugh]] go to boon [[Giary]]. [[Rez]] inspires him, and [[Hugh]] enhances his charisma. [[Neiragneg|Neir]] gets the [[Ioun Stone]], with sending in it. They decide to start sneaking in. [[Neiragneg|Neir]] is stealthy and sneaky, but [[Costi]] gets stopped at the 4th foor. [[Giary]] comes to the rescue and says that [[Ichlior]] asked for some more deliveries. It gets them up. 

They stake out the 5th floor area, [[Costi]] minor illusions an armoire to hide in, and takes a minute to try and cast alarm on the window edge. Most of the way through the alarm, a couple right in front of his fake armoire talking about what's inside it. [[Neiragneg|Neir]] startles them at the window and they get distracted. [[Giary]] offers them some canapes to cover the sound of [[Neiragneg|Neir]] opening the window, and it works perfectly! He waits for (hopefully) [[Cut]]. [[Giary]] and [[Costi]] head up to the 7th floor. 

[[Julian Slater-Runehorn|Julian]] find the four of the rest of us outside and comes over to talk. He has [[Sienna Burbank]] with him. She's introduced to [[Jade]]. We ask if her husband is with her, he's back in [[Eberron]], very busy on the war front. [[Cliff Burbank]] wants [[The Unforged Few|Our Party]], to visit the [[Burbank Compoud]]. We'd be in their protection while in those areas, which is near their house in the [[Dharinov Region]], where the [[Duchess v'Dharinov]] rules. They're closer to [[Jezeten]], which is the political capital of the region. She warns it would not be safe to trave more broadly in [[Eberron]], including [[AVAD]] (it's being "watched"). If we reach out ahead of time, they can try to get us their directly. He's heard about [[Hugh]], and wants to try to help. We should reach out to them in a couple of months, they'll offer the family airship to get us there. 

[[Jade]] gets [[Julian Slater-Runehorn|Julian]] to try the jalepeno-gounda banana from [[Neiragneg|Neir]], and pays her 50gp for a slice. They briefly discuss being fired, and it's clear that he's still mad. He mostly wants to know why we are at the [[Ichlior-Guruden Fundraiser]]. We say that we were friends with [[Willen Guruden]] from our gruung-slaying in [[Tinzelven]], and we maintain that we were invited. [[Jade]] dances around us asking to be invited, and it seems to mostly work. [[Rez]] invites him to watch [[The Miscasts]], and he asks for us to pass a message along to [[Costi]] saying "good luck". When we ask with what? He very omniously says "he'll know". (fuck, I guess he got [[The Gaze Grafter]])

[[Rez]] passes along the invitation from [[Sienna Burbank]] and we discuss it briefly. We decide it's compelling, but plan to chat about it more after the party. [[Hugh]] shares that he's had a lot of interest in him, maybe it's becuase he was the first male follower of [[TrueSilver]] in his home area, which is heavily gendered. We plan to train the women in the arts of war, and [[Hugh]] shares that the whole government is controlled by the same politics. Sounds great. 

[[Costi]] and [[Giary]] plan to go to the 7th floor and then sneak their way across. It looks empty on first glance. They run into two kids, one 12 and the other 14. [[Giary]] uses his grilled cheese cover and it works well enough, the teenagers don't care at all. [[Costi]] goes to the window, opens it and then hides. [[Giary]] sticks around to be busy dropping off sandwiches while they wait. 

About that time [[Neiragneg|Neir]] spots a ghostly teifling figure creeping in the window, it's [[Cut]]!! He's suspicious, and investigates where he's hidden, but doesn't notice him. He starts sneaking, and so does [[Neiragneg|Neir]] right on his tail. At the end of the hall, he pauses, and waits for the door to open - he slips in past the people. [[Neiragneg|Neir]] tries his best to get through too, and barely makes makes his way through. He enters into a curiosity room, filled with expensive things. He goes to the back wall, glaces at a slip of paper tapping it in a few locations to open the wall and reveal a hidden staircase. [[Neiragneg|Neir]] stealthy follows. He moves one floor up, and ends by opening another door. It reveals a study with no other visible entrances. 

He lets the door close and listens on the other side. A door slides open in the room, and calls out if anyone's in here. He says "no one remembers to close things right", and shuts a drawer. Silence remains in the room for a few more minutes, then he actually leaves. The door opens again, and [[Cut]] exits the room. He walks past him, and naturally evades any searching, then darts into the closing door. 

This private study looks out over the ocean and has a desk, with a wrapped parcel on top. There's a few work benches around, with well-organized papers. He looks around and once again, naturally notices a tiny discrepancy showing a few drawers slightly different from each other. The parcel too, is not perfectly in line with the desk. Additionally, one of the stacks of papers is related to the parade tomorrow that seems like one of the pages is missing. [[Neiragneg|Neir]] checks into it, but is too stressed to determine anything about it. He magically etches the word "bomb" on the wall above it and leaves it. 

Panicked, he leaves. As he's sneaking out, [[Cut]] sees the door open and knocks [[Neiragneg|Neir]] to the ground, raising a knife to stab him. At that exact moment, two people come in, giving [[Neiragneg|Neir]] the opportunity to teleport 15 ft away with his boots. It gives him just enough time to run through the door and escape. 

At the same time, [[Niko]] enters into the hallway, the same ghostly coloring as [[Costi]] watches. [[Costi]] tells [[Samuel]] to give [[Giary]] a peck to indicate that [[Niko]] has made it in. [[Costi]] sneaks his way behind him, he gets suspicious but [[Costi]] can duck for a moment into the stairwell to hide, then continues to follow. 

[[Costi]] gets to the door, and clairvoyances to see into the room. He burrows himself into one of the curtains, set to spy. It's a bedroom, with dressers and a large bed. [[Niko]] is taking out papers, copying down information, and then putting them back. After a few minutes, he opens a dresser and starts to go through a dresser. He pulls pebbles from his pocket, and starts to hide them in inconspicous places. [[Niko]] suddenly stops, and [[Giary]] suddenly steps around. He gets bottle cap out of his pocket, and begins throwing them around trying to reveal someone. [[Niko]] cracks him over the head, but reveals himself. [[Giary]] starts his pitch. He says 1) ashes are bad, and they can't start from nothing, 2) what if it doesn't work and people still want [[The Guardians]], 3) it's not too late, he hasn't done anything too bad yet. 

[[Niko]] pauses. He says it's too late for him to step back. [[Arkhosia]] needs him, he thinks tomorrow will be worse without his help. If [[Delegates Day]] goes well, he thinks they can actually get a seat at the table. He says he can make sure people don't get hurt, and if it's not them it could be someone who doesn't care as much. They can get people who've been in power for too long out. He then asks [[Giary]] for help,  they're brothers. He's not sure he agrees with all of his leadership, but he wants to feel like he can try to make this happen the right way. [[Giary]] says okay, but what about the other locations. [[Niko]] asks if he can get in touch with [[The Unforged Few|Our Party]]. He doesn't think [[Cut]] will care enough to protect the areas that need it. They're supposed to evacuate the areas calmly, but he doesn't think he'll care. If [[The Unforged Few|Our Party]] is at that site, maybe we can make that possible. He trusts the other two site leaders to take care with people. [[Giary]] agrees to join him.

[[Niko]] says he has to finish his job here, [[Ichlior]] will be finalizing the parade route. The will track him through those pebbles on where his clothes are. [[Niko]] says we can sending him, and asks where we're staying, [[Giary]] shares. [[Giary]] leaves, and [[Niko]] slides two envelopes into the dresser drawers. [[Costi]] gets the read that [[Niko]] is genuine about the conversation. He twists his ring and goes invisible, and [[Costi]] sprints to a better hiding spot. 

During that time, [[The Unforged Few|Our Party]] kept an eye out for [[Pruvki Forgaveat]], but don't find any leads. We ask [[Willen Guruden]], but he's left. 

[[The Unforged Few|Our Party]] all comes back together at the same time. [[Neiragneg|Neir]] is shaking with energy, and shares that he thinks he found a bomb. He makes himself invisble again. We chat for a minute, and then decide to head home so we can get an early start. As we leave, a guard in [[The Guardians]] outfits stops [[Costi]] for a minute. He's rather pale, ice blue eyes, and a thick beard - it's [[Pruvki Forgaveat]], he says "well met [[Costi]], we'll talk after the elections. Stay safe. Stake and Sun".

We make it back to our hotel, sitting inside is [[Giary]]. He says it went great. [[Niko]] is still a terrorist, but now so is he. [[Giary]] is convinced this is a great call. He leaves quickly so we don't let [[Niko]] know we're working together. [[Costi]] gives him the [[Ioun Stone]], and ask for him tomorrow to tell us where he is with [[Niko]] and what the address is. He says he will. His plan is for the [[Niko]] bomb site will be with the [[Fire Raisers]] dissidents. So [[Srictha]], [[Varras]], [[Zephyra]], and [[Terrav]] will join to handle this site.

[[Rez]] brings up that [[Niko]] wouldn't bomb [[Ichlior]] right before trying to tail him. So we agree to wait to reach out to [[First Officer Ghent]] after we talk to [[Niko]]. [[Neiragneg|Neir]] says he has to go dissemble his boots, and he enchants the [[Ivory Pistol]].

Just a few minutes later, [[Niko]] comes to our room through the window. He asks how long we've been working with [[Giary]], [[Rez]] says we've just become buddies and hang out now. He asks if we're in, and we say we need more information. 

Tomorrow there's a plan to set of 4 bombs at simulatenous times to take out between 15-20 [[The Guardians]] delegates, supporters, and work of bad regimes. They hope to take out [[Captain Fretze|Fretze]] if possible. We ask how that won't hit casualties. He says they've made bombs that have a very hard to pierce back wall that should only blast in a particular direction but not hit anything other than is what in front of them. Which is why they want to quietly evacuate the surrounding buildings to prevent bad damage or unneccessary deaths. He says it won't be another Bellisime. 

[[Hugh]] casts Zone of Truth and it hits all of us. [[Jade]] asks how the [[Bellisme Show]] attack happened. [[Niko]] says he thinks they were sabatoged. We ask if he thinks the other [[Fire Raisers]] want to also mitigate other loss of life. He thinks everyone else genuinely wants to, but he doesn't trust [[Cut]]. Which is why he wants us to be at that site. He gives us an address. 

He says the fact that last nights bombings were more well received than the [[Bellisme Show]] in the lower parts of the city makes him feel more confident that [[Cinder]] and [[Willum]] will see the benefit of not harming innocents. 

We ask who the negative actors they take out would be discredited by, so that those who survive can be legally or politically removed. They want a full slate of [[The Providers]].

They say some volunteers from the [[Fire Raisers]] will be in the guards forces, willing to take the blasts, to try and finish off any of their targets that survive.

[[Jade]] asks if he's familiar with [[Zephyra]], and [[Niko]] says she was turned in by [[Terrav]] as an instigator aiming to try and make the [[Fire Raisers]] more violent. He says she was jailed, and then they couldn't risk people getting out before the mission so they were killed. He's not sure what the process was, but was told it was fair. He also says he has not heard from [[Srictha]] in weeks. He says [[Winifey]] is a friend, and they work closely together. He says he questioned for a minute, but he trusts her now. 

He says there's no other plans than the bomb sites on [[Delegates Day]]. [[Niko]] thinks this will lead to a public declaration. [[Hugh]] asks how they view [[The Unforged Few|Our Party]], he says he hasn't been of those conversations. 

He says we should report around 8 to the location in [[The Claw]], he wants us to evacuate without raising suspicion. He says chemical poisioning in the water or air in the buildings, and potentially a free wine or a draw on the actual route a distance away. He thinks the explosion is about 60 ft in size, and the bomb is hidden but [[Cut]] should tell us where it is. 

He gives us his location, in the [[Oceantouched]], but doesn't know [[Cinder]] [[Pourfoot PIer]] in the northern portion close to where it connects or [[Willum]]s in the [[Quay Elliptical]] along the parade route. 

[[Niko]] says he's not sure why he was the fall guy at first. Maybe because his name was out there after the [[Zalevi Embassy Break-in]]. He's also been vocal when he's angry, and he was an easy scapegoat. 

We ask who their full list of targets are and he only knows those in his group. [[Captain Fretze|Fretze]] is not in our or [[Cut]]'s group. We think he'll be later, or more south groups. His group is: [[High General Khjalni Nihir]]- High Commander of Arkhosia's Army, Millidred [[Oppenheimer]] - Gnome, Guardian Circler, Resvidjosk [[Stutramrunza]] - Ophenheim's Chief of Staff, [[Dulfgre Wahragne]] - High ranking Guardian Delegate, [[Isaax Plendo]] - Halfling Guardian Fundraiser.

The leading party will lead the parade, other individuals are in the middle, and they're tailed by opposition. The time is based on the walking pattern, aiming for about 10:15 to hit [[The Guardians]] in the [[Oceantouched]], friends of [[Arkhosia]] in the [[Quay Elliptical]], and [[The Providers]] problems in the [[Pourfoot PIer]]. 

There's not clarity on what [[Cut]] was doing at [[Ichlior-Guruden Fundraiser]], it might be a bomb, there's contingency plans. He would expect it to detonate in three days or so, if planted. He's also not sure who worked on the attacks of the [[Dragon's Hide|Hidesman]], but he thinks it went to plan. 

We also ask about his awareness of the [[Fire Raisers]] testing or lying to us as a whole. It certainly happened when we first worked with them, but he doesn't think that's been the case lately. They were all operationally crucial. 

He has no information on how to stop or contain a bomb. They've discussed potentially trying to throw them, but they are not light. He thinks they're hidden with strong illusions to resemble common household items, and are covered in lead not to be magically searched for, but the fuses are not protected. 

[[Hugh]] asks if [[Niko]] is comfortable being the one to take these peoples lives, and he says he does not relish it, but he does not know of another option. He believes this is how he can best contribute to making things better. 

We discuss as a party that our perspective of [[Niko]] has changed. We feel better about him, but still don't feel broadly changed about the leaders of the [[Fire Raisers]]. We decide we need to talk to [[First Officer Ghent]]. [[Rez]] sendings him, "Tailed two, one planted package, 6th floor study, bomb? Other planted bugs and searched 7th floor. Have addresses and plan. Need ways to stop bombs", he replies, "We'll get into the building tonight. We've researched the fuses, have thoughts. Talk in morning, I'll bring breakfast."

We discuss [[Neiragneg|Neir]] getting rid of the writing on the wall, but want to wait for the banana cheese to be used. We decide to go to bed. 

When we wake up, [[First Officer Ghent]] brings pasteries and tells us that the 'bomb' was a gift for [[Ichlior]]'s wife. They did however find two bombs in the office, they were in the back of the drawers. They removed them both. The paper that was missing was a schedule of the parade route sent only to participants. 

We tell him where the two addresses are and why [[The Unforged Few|Our Party]] and [[Fire Raisers]] dissidents should be at those. Given that the leadership will be other two spots, we said those should be for [[First Officer Ghent]]'s teams. We confirm their names, and that [[Willum]] is a leader. [[First Officer Ghent]] is happy to have that confirmed, and said as a former guard there are dozens of people who can spy on them. 

He says we've done excellent work and offers us work in the [[Arkhosia]] intelligence service. They are going to wait as long as possible, once evacuations end, get their guard down. He'll lead one and [[Ricci Scrucks]] will take the other. [[The Unforged Few|Our Party]] has diplomatic immunity today, and they will not be mad if we kill any [[Fire Raisers]]. 

[[Jade]] asks if they will have back up forces at the other sites, primarily to report back, as well as people in the parade route, but no one to back us up. [[First Officer Ghent]] offers up a notion of friendship, and says he's surprised by this turn of events. We say we'll get a celebratory beer once this is all done.

[[Rez]] asks what will happen to our [[Fire Raisers]] dissidents friends, he asks for their names. He might arrest them, and then help facilitate their escape: [[Varras]], [[Terrav]], [[Zephyra]], [[Srictha]], and [[Giary]]. He recognizes [[Giary]] from [[The Stagehands]], but says he's never been high enough on their radar to be caught. 

We leave the [[Raptur's Nest]] and get to the [[Museum of Arkhosian History]] to meet [[Terrav]]. [[Hugh]] and [[Jade]] look around and notice a few bent tree branches that show a path to the roof. We climb up and see [[Terrav]], [[Zephyra]], [[Srictha]], and [[Varras]]. [[Terrav]] has been asked by [[Cinder]] to join him there, to be in charge of the evacuations, so he knows the location to stop it. [[Jade]] asks him to track if [[Cinder]] is genuinely trying to help keep innocents shielded. He says he'll keep watch for it. 

We ask if they've considered not stopping the explodings. After agreeing that innocents are our top priority, they say that the question is the stability of the bombs. [[Varras]] said he's been told they were all high-quality, but should be ready to be disappointed. 

[[Terrav]] says that if there are folks there to intervene, they can watch him. [[Costi]] asks what "sun and stake" means, which we learn is an old guard blessing of sorts from [[Eberron]] that several [[ELA]] members say to ward of undead influence. Before leaving he tells Costi "today [[Arkhosia]], tomorrow the homeland".

We head down through [[The Claw]] to meet [[Cut]]. [[Hugh]] spots a tail on the rooftops, and when he realizes he's been made he stands, showing off his uniform like [[First Officer Ghent]]. [[Hugh]] gives him a thumbs up, and [[Rez]] messages him to say [[First Officer Ghent]] should scry on [[Terrav]] for another location -- he'll know what it means. 

[[Rez]] ask [[Neiragneg|Neir]] for help designing our own bomb containing structure. She shares that she can hear the song of creation, and the whole group starts thinking. [[Jade]] suggest using [[Cube of Force]] as a backstop. This gets the wheels turns, and  [[Rez]] gets a naturally perfect design idea, creating a concrete shelter that surrounds it, meshed between the [[Cube of Force]] that will not allow non-living matter through. 

Plan improved, we head off to meet [[Cut]]. 