---
type: detailed-notes
up:
  - - Session Log
prev:
  - - notes-91
---

# Detailed Notes: Session 92

We start by filling in [[Gia Yola]] in with our effort to [[Heal the Anchor Tree]] and [[Resurrect Adrienne]]. We give him the [[Gia'Thoren]] rings we found at the trap. We end up finding out the rock guy we fought was a Chroud, a corrupted fey creature. We mention our hopefully travel plans, and they agree to help provide. With some back and forth between [[Zmaj]] and [[Gia Yola]], [[Costi]] can tell they have mutual respect and both seem to defer to each other. 

When we talk about our plans for [[Ru'Nileth]], we learn that the [[Wayfinders]] and the [[Gia'Thoren]] work very separately and have a slightly strained relationship. We try to get recommendations of what to do, [[Gia Yola]] recommends nature walks, tea ceremonies, and wood working classes - [[Rez]] is not intrigued. 

We spend the evening at the [[Shireneth Outpost]], and we get immediately hammered on Lindith. [[Costi]] pukes everyone on round one, but manages through the next drink. [[Freya]] gets wasted. A solider helps serve us, in good humor, named [[Som]]. We learn that [[Zmaj]] recently fell into a bee hive, and now has a bit of fear. We learn that [[Belas Kinklan]] and [[Zmaj]] have been friends for some time, and develop a new nickname [[Big Sword Costi]]. 

[[Squad Seven]] comes to join, and the spar session between [[Zmaj]] and [[Freya]] kicks off - [[Rez]] bets 200 gp on [[Freya]] with [[Belatar Aeleth]], who ups it to 400 gp. She also gets a bet of 100gp with another of [[Zmaj]]'s party. After a brief intervention by [[Adrienne Spout|Adrienne]] mid-fight, [[Zmaj]] stops fighting to teach [[Freya]] restraint, it takes her a while but eventually she stops - they postpone until tomorrow. 

[[Freya]] and [[Belatar Aeleth]] get into a lindith shot off, and it's both scary and impressive, but [[Freya]] comes out on top. [[Adrienne Spout|Adrienne]] buys [[Zmaj]] an apology beer, slightly drunk and embarrasses herself by being very slightly forthcoming. [[Hugh]] and [[Ravona Silentreed]] talk about nature. [[Rez]] gets goaded into doubling her 100gp bet up to 200gp. 

After some downtime, [[Adrienne Spout|Adrienne]] plays a set on her harp. She plays a hauntingly perfect show, and the entire tavern quiets to listen. We all chat a bit, then go to bed.

In the morning, [[Freya]] and [[Zmaj]] resume their sparring, and while [[Freya]] puts up a super competent fight [[Zmaj]] ultimately triumphs. [[Rez]] coughs up her bet money. [[Zmaj]], of course, offers notes. [[Gia Yola]] comes to greet us, and we transport via trees to [[Ru'Nileth]].

We arrive in the [[The Home Tree]] and are greeted by a full contingent of soldiers and a military leader [[Colonel Draethen Vi'scriate]]. They thank us for our work and ask us to leave our weapons there. It's illegal for non-citizens to carry them. They grant us temporary day visitor passes, but are working in the next 6-8 weeks to give us permanent visitor status throughout [[Dilandil]]. They offer to let us stay there, and ask us to return by 8 to go to [[Quaath]]. 

We get directions to [[The Boundless Grove]], and the [[Ru'Nileth Wayfinders Outpost]].  We say goodbye to [[Squad Seven]]. In our rooms, [[Adrienne Spout|Adrienne]] asks [[Rez]] and [[Costi]] to leave a message at a smaller grove of [[Corellon Larethian]] for her family. They write a letter, "Hello [[Adrienne's Family]], you don't know us but we knew your daughter, Adrienne. She was a gift to us. We're so sorry for your loss, but in honor of her friendship helping us, we'd like to extend an offer to help you -- should you ever need it. No strings attached. We know of her work, and her employer, and it's complications. We aren't in [[Ru'Nileth]] long, but please send word to the [[The Unforged Few]] if there's anything we can do. And, if it is not too much to ask, a note that you're doing fine would mean a lot."

As we head out into the city, we're struck by the impressive infrastructure of massive hundreds of feet tall trees, as well as the fact that there's almost entirely elves within the city. 

[[Freya]] and [[Hugh]] go to the [[Ru'Nileth Wayfinders Outpost]]. They meet [[Gath]], who introduces her to [[Serevul Nashom]] who can give her a stamp. She finds out he's done collecting stamps, loves nicknames, and likes baths. They coin him [[Bathtime Gretchen]], and he calls them [[Chatters]] and [[Chef]]. He also recognizes [[Freya]] after a moment - she's the first person to cross the continent top to bottom that's not a [[Wayfinders]], there's only 37 who are currently in service who have done it. He says he'll plan to see her at the [[Wayfinder Annual Gathering]]. [[Freya]] gives him 20gp to bring down some lindith. 

They go into meet [[Serevul Nashom]], a younger wood-elf with dark skin and fine greenery running through her hair. She asks if [[Freya]] is looking for contracts, but she declines because we're heading back to [[Quaath]]. As they talk, [[Serevul Nashom]] is absolutely prying about how they got here, but [[Freya]] doesn't share about our efforts to [[Heal the Anchor Tree]], saying she had a confidential task. She joined the [[Wayfinders]] after beginning as a [[Gia'Thoren]], saying she had some "issues with the leadership there". She quickly rose the ranks, having only been in the [[Wayfinders]] in about 9 years - she says there weren't many native from [[Dilandil]], especially who have worked with the [[Gia'Thoren]], and they wanted good relations. She spent most of her time in [[Thelran Asari]], didn't work much in the [[Southern Cities]], but knows they're trying to expand their footprint as an organization in [[Devios]].  

[[Freya]] asks her opinion of [[Akros]], [[Rawley]], and [[Naya]] - she seems to think highly of them. She mentions meeting [[Rawley]], and [[Freya]] asks to read his last report, and with a little cajoling she concedes. [[Hugh]]'s checking out her motivations, he notices she puts on a mask of insecurity or demureness, seeming to want to downplay her skills. She tries to convince [[Freya]] to settle herself at this outpost, and gives some background that ever since the [[Second Northern War]], [[Dilandil]] has secluded itself more, but she disagrees and thinks they can do more to help others. 

[[Rez]] and [[Costi]] head to the smaller temple to [[Corellon Larethian]] called the [[Bramble Grove]] to drop off the letter for [[Adrienne's Family]]. As we head to the outskirts, the area gets denser and the trees in general gets smaller. We do notice two extremely large trees that feel a bit off, that are surrounded by hundreds of elves. We guess they might be where lower-income families live, in this neighborhood called [[The Brambles]]. We see an older woman who's dressed in clothes that seem similar to the Grove Tenders, the other is a middle age man fishing in the stream. We approach and meet [[Dalyor Torlana]], who says she hasn't seen [[Adrienne's Family]] in a long time. Not since they moved out about 5 years ago, into the [[Tenement Trees]]. [[Dalyor Torlana]] takes pity on our last minute panicking about how people communicate who don't have magic or money, she offers to get our letter to them and will tell their response to [[Fig]]. We accidentally tell her [[Adrienne Spout|Adrienne]] is dead, but she takes the news in stride. She hurries off to get an old flier from when [[Adrienne Spout|Adrienne]] was a kid, from her "first ever performance". [[Costi]] asks if she knows [[Willow]], and when we show her his image, she names his as [[Davi]].  [[Rez]] puts her foot in her mouth, and with some help with [[Costi]] (sorta?), is able to rectify it we think. And of course, on our way back, we're pickpocketed.

[[Adrienne Spout|Adrienne]] heads to the [[The Boundless Grove|Boundless Grove]]. A grove tender warns her that it can be a dangerous places for those with 'intentions' and wishes her luck as she enters. She briefly regrets her response, but then ponders her [[Larethian Rose]], and it guides her along paths through the grove. After an hourish walk, she finds a lake with an amphitheater, [[Rendorin's Shell]], which is famous for the events it hosts. A rose leads [[Adrienne Spout|Adrienne]] to a wood elf grove tender, [[Wyn Elreal]], and tells him she needs to report concerning happenings to their order. 

He leads her to a secure area, but when he pulls out a magical device to record the conversation, she gets paranoid and questions to him. He says he's a retired fighter for [[Corellon Larethian]], and appears about 30. He teases her, turns off the recording device, and she finally relaxes enough to talk to him. She tells him about our efforts to [[Heal the Anchor Tree]], [[G'zraad]], and how we succeeded to [[Resurrect Adrienne]]. She doesn't share deatils, but says there's been undead, necromancy, and time magic involved - connecting [[Arkhosia (City)]], [[Jalantar]], and below [[Weirefesteria]]. 

After hearing the basics, he brings her to a gold ring finger he has hidden and asks if [[G'zraad]] had gold appendages. He says he killed a humanoid with the finger, and [[Adrienne Spout|Adrienne]] draws [[Freya's Mysterious Circles]] to see if he recognizes it - to which he replies it keeps him up at night. She confirms it was found on one of [[G'zraad]] followers. She shares that several gods were involved in trying to [[Heal the Anchor Tree]], mentioning it seemed like a contest, but she's the one who made it back. He believes if she's back, it's for a reason. There's several people working on stopping [[Wait There's a Lot of Undead]]. She fills him in on the other groups, [[The Burning Sons]], [[Temper Metal]], and [[Bahamat's Party]]. She also says that oracles seem to be real, explaining what [[Willow]] did, and that all the other groups also arrived in the [[underdark]] by oracle too. She also ties in [[The Raven Queen]] through [[Costi]]. 

He says it's been two years and a half, of peace that he's been at the grove, since he fought the golden-fingered humanoid. [[Wyn Elreal]] says what's happening to her is real, but unique, and she's clearly "[[Corellon Larethian]] favorite". He seems to have lost his adventuring party in his efforts against [[Wait There's a Lot of Undead]]. He says he'll find us at the [[The Home Tree]], he needs some time to prepare to tell his story. 

[[The Unforged Few|Our Party]] reconvenes at the [[The Home Tree]]. 




