---
type: detailed-notes
up:
  - - Session Log
prev:
  - - notes-83
---
# Detailed Notes: Session 84

We wake up to the airship rocking in a new, and unsettling, way. [[The Unforged Few|Our Party]] splits up to investigate. [[Rez]] and [[Costi]] try to go investigate, but get distracted by a shiny new toy - the ballista guns. [[Hugh]] goes to find [[Magister]] at the helm, who says that the cloaking mechanism failed, right as we pass over [[Zalev]]. Great. He asks if anyone could help in restoring the mechanism, or distracting our interlopers. [[Hugh]] messages [[Costi]] to say "Cloaking failed, over [[Zalev]] please provide cover or distraction for ship in whatever way possible. I am helping [[Magister]] with mechanics." [[Costi]] goes to help.

[[Rez]] messages that to [[Jade]], who is with [[Freya]] on the top deck with [[Victoria Several|Victoria]] and [[Vask]]. [[Rez]] warns that [[Captain Fretze|Fretze]] has it out for her, so maybe don't let [[Vask]] do the talking.

[[Hugh]] gives [[Magister]] and [[Costi]] magically-enhanced smarts. [[Jade]] creates a glowing area of sickening radiance to draw attention. She seems to see some floating shapes in that direction? Light seems to almost pass through them, like shifting bits of darkness. One is humanoid, but seems to have wings.

[[Rez]] thinks back on some of the aerial threats she's remembered [[Zalev]] is worried about. She uses her performance of creation to design an enemy war ship and send it out. It looks great! But gets caught on some of the airships mooring. 

[[Magister]] starts to work on the elementals that are consigned into the airships' service, but struggles a bit with the mechanism. [[Victoria Several|Victoria]] connects some internal workings, as [[Costi]] and [[Hugh]] are sent to the top. [[Hugh]] attempts to cast Calm Emotions on the elementals in the ship, it doesn't work quite as well as it would with humanoids, but seems to have an effect. 

We all make our way up to the top deck. After clearing it with [[Victoria Several|Victoria]] we all prepare for a fight. 

[[Ramara]] "found you bitch" at [[Victoria Several|Victoria]] "not again" said [[Vask]], [[Davis]] swears an "oath of vengeance" against [[Freya]]. As [[Vask]] gets the killing shot on [[Ramara]] she says "I'll remember this" before dying. [[Davis]] replies to [[Jade]] "go home", with "They took it". [[Costi]] uses [[Raven's Wing]] to very effectively do damage. We all seem to feel a similar sort of Oath sink in on all of us. She tried to snatch a small pin off of [[Davis]] robe but it dissolves too quickly. [[Hugh]] takes everyone back from the health ledge.

[[Victoria Several|Victoria]] takes a quick pause to become immobile, before owning up about what the fuck that was. [[Vask]] says they've shown up 3 times, including this. The wings are new this time. While we wait for her to wake up, [[Hugh]] goes to check in with [[Magister]]. He recognizes that the [[Vincenda]] attacked, says the ship is in control now. They come to join us. We learn that [[Victoria Several|Victoria]]'s armor lets her benefit from a long rest in about 5 minutes.

[[Victoria Several|Victoria]] says they're Revenants - and they seem to remember most who struck the killing blow (bad news for [[Vask]]). She says that Revenants are undead, and appear again outside of their original bodies. Whenever you kill them, their spirits find a new body on that plane. [[Magister]] says it's the 7th time they've gone after [[Victoria Several|Victoria]]. She says to kill them for good, you either have to do significantly powerful magic while they're separated from bodies, or wait out about 3 years. [[Jade]] questions what she took from them, and [[Victoria Several|Victoria]] claims it was knowledge (and killing them too). She found her armor through their knowledge, and has spruced it up a bit in the meantime. 

It's concerning and new that the [[Vincenda]] seem to be coming back stronger, which is atypical. It seems like something about them is uniquely tenacious. They're siblings. [[Hugh]] casts Divination to ask where the [[Vincenda]]'s are now. His vision clouds, and he initially sees a mountain range, with snow falling over it. No recognizable peaks, but tall mountains. We guess it's the [[Ragndaar Mountains]]. 

[[Magister]] updates us on the ship's mechanisms. He says they've been working the elementals quite hard and haven't cycled them out. They try to reward them after their service, they like individual things. Air elementals frequently enjoy a new current. They get replacements by pulling them from the [[Elemental Plane of Air]] with summoning circles inside the balloons. [[Magister]] tries to convince them willingly, and sometimes has to be more convincing than others. 

[[Rez]] and [[Vask]] get bored, and go to head out, teasing that no one else is allowed to come. [[Costi]] threatens to turn him into something else, which causes [[Vask]] to shoot him until he stops. [[Magister]] heals him, but [[Hugh]] is holding a grudge. 

Everyone goes to rest and lick their wounds. [[Jade]] spends some time on the [[The Unnatural Naturality]]. [[Freya]] and [[Costi]] read [[Kith and Kin]]. [[Costi]] makes some progress on understanding it. [[Vask]] comes to get [[Rez]], but tries to 'Punch Line' her again. It doesn't work. As they leave, [[Freya]] and [[Costi]] plot a revenge prank. [[Victoria Several|Victoria]] and [[Costi]] spar. We all do dinner together. 

[[Rez]] and [[Vask]] catch up, talking about [[Resurrect Adrienne]] plan, or rather lack their of. [[Rez]] mentions [[Rez's Aunt]] said she might help but to be patient. They quibble but agree if [[Vask]] can, he'll reach out. She warns him of [[Captain Fretze|Fretze]]'s anger, and says to be careful if he goes home. They debate who's doing more work on finding people and supporting them, mentioning [[Doha]], [[The Miscasts]], and agree they'll both put in more work. [[Rez]] shares an update on [[Ghez Yhutl]] making it to [[Eirian]], and [[Vask]] shares that they've talked too and apparently [[Ghez Yhutl]] is more useful than expected. They've got a group going in [[Thelran Asari]]. They chat about the [[Scales of Chaos]] and where they might've been sourced from, and [[Rez]] teases [[Vask]] about [[Victoria Several|Victoria]]. She's NOT his girlfriend! But he's clearly smitten.

[[Magister]] offers to give us transportation directly to the [[Temple of Corellon Outside Quaath]]. The [[Order of the Platinum Dragon]] has a lot of sway over politics, and has encouraged a tax that limits worship of other gods inside [[Quaath]]. We disembark inside an air station in the [[Gold Circle]]. [[Vask]] says goodbye, and before he leaves [[Costi]] asks him not to start any wars near his town. [[Magister]] arranges our paperwork, and asks one more time that we do nothing to besmirch [[Victoria Several]]'s name. 

As [[The Unforged Few|Our Party]] travels, we see the clear class breakdowns between the perfection and splendor of the  [[Gold Circle]], the nice shops and moderate life of the [[Silver Circle]], and the squalor of the [[Copper Circle]]. We're escorted to the [[Temple of Corellon Outside Quaath]] by a [[Platinum Sanctuary of Quaath]] affiliated guard. 

We arrive at a much more wild and rough temple. A small cottage sits inside a bunch of wild looking trees. Inside is a quiet scene, an elderly looking half-elf in a messy bun approached [[The Unforged Few|Our Party]], and says her name is [[Fig]]. She's the matron of the [[Temple of Corellon Outside Quaath]], and nursed [[Adrienne Spout|Adrienne]] back to health when she was sick. She immediately warms at the sound of [[Adrienne Spout|Adrienne]]'s name. She asks someone named [[Bevin]] to bring us stew. We bring out the [[Harp]] first. We tell her about [[Adrienne Spout|Adrienne]]'s death, and say we're trying to bring her back. We mention [[Willow]], who came by a few months ago with a willow branch that they planted and grew very quickly, and stayed in his room for about a month and a half. [[Fig]] says he's been strange. She's a bit overwhelmed, and leaves us to take a walk and process news a bit. 

We take a brief jaunt around the public spaces, but don't find anything that looks like either [[Hugh]] or [[Costi]]'s visions. We talk to [[Fig]] a bit more about [[Adrienne Spout|Adrienne]]'s path. A [[Wayfinders]] brought her here, where she connected with them. We all introduce ourselves, and before she takes us to see [[Willow]] we ask if she's familiar with the concept of Oracles or soothsayers ordained by the gods. We ask if she'll try to listen in and tell us her takes as someone who knows [[Corellon Larethian]]. She thinks he just sounds crazy, but we encourage an open mind. 

[[Willow]] greets us, looking a little bit different than before. A little bit dirtier, in the same clothes, but with extremely fine and ornate shoes. He asks [[Fig]] for access to the secret most private areas, and says we'll get down there and just see what happens. He's very chill, and he encourages us that diamonds will be helpful but we needn't worry about not having enough. [[Willow]] says we'll need the harp. [[Jade]] asks if the watchers are watching him now, and he checks the window, the hallway, and [[My Hole]] before saying no. He warns we should be ready for a potential fight, against both him or others, maybe a dance off, foot races (though he notes those aren't connected). 

[[Fig]] says she's okay with this proceeding, but asks that we protect both the roots and the harp. She'll take everyone on a nature walk during that time so that we don't run the risk of others getting in trouble. She offers to let us stay for the night, and we make an offering and help with chores in the meantime. 

Before bed, [[Hugh]] tries to Divine from [[TrueSilver]], asking "What is the most helpful way we can be prepared for [[Resurrect Adrienne]] tomorrow?" In the fire, four lines of flame rise up, one drifts down and fades out entirely, the other three drift and burn. From further away, another column of flame, burning silver in a thin straight line, bends and touches the floor of the hearth - around it three other piles of ash around it. (ash, flame touch, ash, ash). 

The next morning, [[Fig]] brings us the harp and offers the power of prayer in our aid. She leads us down into a chamber at the very base of the temple. There's vines and thick roots running up the walls. [[Willow]] waits in the room and plucks at a lute. We give him the harp, and after a weighted pause he begins plucking strings. At first it was random, but eventually falls into the recognizable tune [[Adrienne Spout|Adrienne]] warmed up with every morning. It transitions into the first song we heard her play. As he progresses, he starts to worsen, gagging, then shaking. Eventually flying into a strangled seizure, body tense while his hands still play, before a vine bursts out of his mouth. It moves through the room like a snake, until it touches the far wall and connects - growing upwards. Tendrils of vine pull out of it, until a 10 square foot area is created, building over itself until a thick patch is generated. Suddenly, everything freezes, as a blade cuts through the vine, showing a tall bronze skinned short dark curly hair and shirtless humanoid, coming from a white pool of light. He recognizes [[Willow]], begins to speak, as four spear points pierce his chest, then a sword crashed through his skull, and he's yanked back towards a now purple portal and 5 shadowy creatures stand mid-attack. 


