---
type: detailed-notes
up:
  - - Session Log
prev:
  - - notes-71
---

# Detailed Notes: Session 72

As we leave the [[Halls of the Dead]], [[Hugh]] decides to call up [[General Ilka Korsas]] from the [[Mirror of Life Trapping]]. She is overtly racist and tries to command [[Hugh]] to do her bidding. He holds firm, and says her only chance of getting freed is to answer his questions. He shows her the drawings from his vision and asks if she recognizes them, the scaled figure's coloring reminds her of someone she served with in the [[Eberronian Military]]. Her remarks about [[Hugh]] being defective lead him to try and get the name of any [[Eberron]] artificers who wiped warforged's memories, but isn't convinced.

[[Hugh]] sendings [[Ellinev Del]] "the first officer will be with you shortly". We discuss what to tell her. [[Costi]] practices lockpicking, [[Hugh]] knits, [[Jade]] and [[Rez]] are their ususal troublemakers. Eventually [[First Officer Ghent]] shows up. We report about [[Captain Fretze|Fretze]] fighting, and [[First Officer Ghent]] tells us that he's being watched and knows it. He's one of the most talented fighters in the last couple hundred years and maybe is physically addicted to fighting. We tell him about Captain [[Demeril]] and the [[Chasing Daylight]], who he seems to recognize, and says that he'll have an interesting evening. He'll let us know tomorrow if it works out. They seem to say it is a high-level target to him. 

We say we have our new job at the [[Ichlior]] estate, and flag the [[Fire Raisers]] leadership might particularly hate them. [[First Officer Ghent]] wants assurance there will be actionable inforamtion gleaned since it is so close to [[Fire Raiser Attack in Arkhosia City]]. 

We plan a check-in 50 hours before [[Fire Raiser Attack in Arkhosia City]] to convince them to push their operatives. [[Jade]] mentions how sharp one of the people going to the fundraiser, and [[First Officer Ghent]] seems to infer that's [[Cut]] just from the allusion. We warn him about their recent protections against reading minds. We share that the [[Fire Raisers]] have cut their operatives, and also give the fake letter that was planted for [[Ellinev Del]] to him. 

We finally get to the [[Halls of the Dead]]. [[First Officer Ghent]] confiscates [[my hole]] and tells us to lie about it to the [[Fire Raisers]]. We tell him about our vinisbility plan to let him speak to [[General Ilka Korsas]]. HE'S PROUD OF US. He says he's familiar with the [[Mirror of Life Trapping]], and it's the only one of it's kind. 

We start with the insane man, and we all realize this conversatino is too harmful and end it. We pull up  [[General Korsas]] and she describes the genocide she wishes could be done in [[Mulfara]]. We antagonize her a bit but she's mostly unbothered. We keep trying to get her to talk, and she says she'll answer a question if we answer one of hers. She wants to know what's happened to [[Eberron]] and can tell [[Costi]] is local. He gives some general information, and she asks about [[Hoddlinston]] - [[Costi]] knows that folks interested in necromancy know him, he was the Archmagi of necromancy at the [[The Slavaadi College]] until about 30 years ago, when he died in office. His graveyard is one of the teaching grounds there. He's the one who captured her in mirror. She says he's a horrible man who corrupts the souls of both the living and the dead, he destroyed her unit. When we share he's died, she asks if he has any children.  She says he was an advisor for the [[Horned Horrors]], who raised the bodies of those they slew, and serve as the cannon fodder. One night he turned against them. We share that there was a 3 year war called the [[Trianski Conflict]] based on when this occured. 

[[First Officer Ghent]] is happy with the conversation, calls it "incredibly helpful". He says if [[Julian Slater-Runehorn|Julian]] starts to do arms buying they'll have to investigate. [[Rez]] asks if we should try to kill [[General Korsas]] or give her into his custody, but he thinks [[Julian Slater-Runehorn|Julian]] might kill us. [[Jade]] brings up the time loop and [[Wait There's a Lot of Undead]] thoughts from the [[Halls of the Dead]]. She asks about the [[B. Duvey]] family and he says they're important in [[Quaath]] but the last in [[Arkhosia]] is dead. We try to convince [[First Officer Ghent]] we've bonded, and he says if his operation pulls off it'll be a big gain in our relationship. [[Hugh]] tries to show him the pictures he drew from his past, highlighting the lizardfolk, but he doesn't know them. 

[[Rez]] and [[Hugh]] try to go talk to [[Henrik]] but he doesn't seem to be back. We plan who we should reach out to, [[Rez]] uses the [[Circlet of Sending]] to talk to [[Giary]], "Hey [[Giary]]!! How did your heist go? Ours was good. What about the [[Admirials Office]]?? Also stay away from the ports or any [[Dharbeed Tzaavi]] stuff BYE", he replies "Wait what did you do to Dharbeed? He finally got his wife to agree to dinner, it's so important to him! Shit, tomorrow lunch?" We go to bed, at long long last.

[[Henrik]] leaves us a note, so in the morning [[Hugh]] and [[Rez]] go talk to him. He's suspiciously happy for some reason, and we all get ready to go talk to Julian. We give him the [[Mirror of Life Trapping]], and he uses a ring of identify to learn about it before quietly talking to everyone in the mirror. He's delighted when he sees [[General Korsas]] but passes right past the devil. He asks about the small mirror and we tell him it was destroyed, he doesn't seem to try to suss out if we're lying, he's just entirely blank. 

We bring up the next task [[Henrik]] told us we had to do, but he very clearly snubs us, saying that we're only good for half of our work. He says it's the conclusion of our work together, we're either incompetent or liars, and he doesn't have time for us either way. It is condescending and yet we lean in, showing our discomfort but not arguging. We all leave. 

We try to chat [[Henrik]], and he stays very professional, but lets us take the most personal of [[Adrienne Spout|Adrienne]]'s items. He implies we should try to leave [[Arkhosia (City)]] as soon as we can. He confides that [[Julian Slater-Runehorn|Julian]] is pretty upset, and that he doesn't fire us lightly. He says he blames us for losing [[Adrienne Spout|Adrienne]], and that he considered her "his". He says there's no reason for him to come after us, as long as we avoid any future interations. We try to ask about his motivations, and he says the perks of his work outweigh the crimes - he's got his own motivations and this helps him get there. 

We go to check out from the [[Chapel of the Lost]] and talk to [[Welcome]]. She gives us our bill, and even cut in half it is SO expensive. We pay and dump any of our looted money. And then we're hit with all of our food and drink. It's also SO expensive. The party is very stressed about our diamond need to [[Resurrect Adrienne]]. She recommends the [[Raptur's Nest]] in [[Sciorca's Clutch]]. She knows the hotelier and we get a good rate, and it's right by the flyteway stop.

