---
type: detailed-notes
up:
  - - Session Log
prev:
  - - notes-81
---

# Detailed Notes: Session 82

Rez - done
Freya - done
Jade -
Costi - done
Hugh - 

### Our Winter Break in [[Arkhosia (City)]]

The executions are about what you expected. Thousands of Arkhosians gather, lining the cliffside to watch the [[Fire Raisers]] plunge. You see vendors peddling wares, red clad dolls with ropes around their neck that run into long spools that children dangle over the water. The smell of roast gull fills the air, as dozens of carts move through the crowd, some along the roads, some on ropes and pulleys, passing out meat on sticks to hungry onlookers. Some even sneak bottles of ale, wine, and whiskey to some already inebriated Arkhosians, and the guards keeping things in order seem all too willing to turn a blind eye to those engaging in some...aggressive merriment.

The 176 [[Fire Raisers]] stand on an extended platform at the peak of the city, all along the [[Gilded Way]]. They are shackled and bound at the wrists and ankles, and each is dressed in red. While about 30 wear hoods over their face (a courtesy permitted under [[Arkhosia]] law), most stand on the platform looking...proud. As guests of honor, you stand on a raised portion of the same platform as the accused, along with the members of [[The Circle]] and other notable dignitaries. [[Giary]], of course, took the opportunity to attend.  

Looking out at those about to hang, you see some mildly familiar faces. Some from [[The Furnace]] in [[Jalantar]], who brought you food and water after your escape from the [[Zalev Embassy in Arkhosia]]. You see a face that, in the back of your mind, you've noticed a few times since being in [[Arkhosia (City)]]; one of the people tailing you. You see [[Winston]], [[Professor Leonard Klipitz]] assistant. But you see no sign of [[Relakas]] or [[Willum]].

Each of the condemned is given an opportunity to issue their last words. About half remain silent, from a sense of stoicism or a crushing fear, you'll never know. Some loudly proclaim that the revolution will never die, that the embers will ever burn, and other fire related nonsense. Two fall to their knees, begging for mercy and forgiveness. Some simply break down crying. None are acknowledged. When the 176th [[Fire Raisers]] stops speaking (a young woman, "What I did, I did for you. For my people. I love you") [[Henrik]] raises a hand. [[Victor]] pills the lever that releases the platform from under their feet, and the final [[Fire Raisers]] plummet 10,000 feet. You swear you can hear the snap of the rope, the crack of necks breaking, the smashing of their bodies against the cliffs.

While the rest of [[The Unforged Few|Our Party]] accept the offer and advice to attend the executions, but [[Hugh]] can't imagine anything he'd like less than watching 200 people hang. So instead, [[Hugh]] stays in the hotel with Maurice. When your friends return, they're quiet and somber. He feels like you made a good decision. 

Over the coming months, [[Victor]]'s sheet-white face during the executions builds his image as the Gentle General, a man who has had his share of violence and wants to build a peaceful, safe [[Arkhosia]]. You are some of the only people left alive who know better.

You reject [[Henrik]]'s offer for someone to help manage your calendars over the next few months; you don't need a mole in your operation, or someone who will funnel requests to suit whatever your newly powerful frenemy's goals are. Instead, you talk to [[Jenson Davour]], organizer extraordinaire and manager of the stars. He agrees to help facilitate your lives for the next few months so you don't completely drown.

He accompanies you to your meeting to discuss your reward for preventing the city from experiencing complete and total destruction, which takes place after the hangings. They offer you a place to stay for the rest of your time in [[Arkhosia (City)]], as some of the [[Fire Raisers]] who were recently executed had houses more than large enough to fit your group. You agree to take temporary residence at a home in [[Sciorca's Clutch]] that previously belonged to an orc named [[Kelte]]; he was a merchant of some renown. The house comes with a staff that the city will keep employed for the duration of your stay. They also provide you with passes for unlimited use of the [[Flightway]], as well as temporary use of a mount to more easily get around the city. [[Rez]] chooses a particularly dumb looking wyvern, they've named it Ulktier. [[Freya]] has a very large, very mean wyvern known for biting the handlers. He's named Grump. [[Freya]] earns it's respect by pinning it until it submits, and names it Kitty. [[Jade]] has a very long and slight wyvern named Slithers, due to his snake like appeareance. [[Hugh]] chooses a gleaming white Pegasus they call Crunch; she has a real affinity for carrots. He asks if you can take her with you when you leave, but unfortunately the Hatchery isn't able to accommodate that request. However, they can promise to take her out of rotation, and whenever we're in town [[Hugh]] has exclusive use of her and renamed him Princess. [[Costi]] has a gryphon with a fringe of jet black neck feathers, [[Samuel]] gets it but is still jealous. His name is Shadows.

[[The Unforged Few|Our Party]] requests a sizable gold reward from the city for your brave heroics. With some assistance from [[Jenson Davour]], you are able to negotiate 2,100 from [[The Circle]]. [[Jenson Davour]], of course, takes his 10% [[cut]], meaning each member of the Unforged Few is granted 1,890. [[The Unforged Few|Our Party]] adds 9,450 gold to the fund.

And finally, you ask for immunity for any crimes you may or may not have committed, even crimes that may or may not impact another nation, ally or enemy of [[Arkhosia]], in pursuance of saving the city. [[Ichlior]] starts to ask questions, but [[Henrik]] quickly cuts him off and grants your request. You saved the city, you did what you had to do, and [[The Circle]] is in your debt; they will not allow you to be punished--formally--by another entity for actions taken in defense of Arkhosian people.

[[Rez]] and [[Freya]] to check in with [[Naya]], and are disappointed to find her gone. She left correspondence for a few [[Wayfinders]], [[Freya]] among them. Her note: "[[Freya]], I am sorry to leave on such short notice. Developments related to some of what we have discussed have pulled me away from the city, and will keep me away for some. I cannot say much more about where I will be. I hope to be back before you must leave, and should have more information for you upon my return. In the meantime, I hope you enjoy the book." We regain [[Drimbias Shaziros]]'s autobiography back. In looking at it [[Costi]] and [[Jade]] learn the book is just a book, she was a powerful person who solved problems and routinely traveled the planes. She was one of the first people to document [[Sigil]], a city reportedly that sites in the center of all the planes. Our only notable takeaway is that the [[Freya's Mysterious Circles]]] was in the book. We're not sure what the connection is. [[Jade]] thinks maybe [[Sigil]] is the eye in the center of the symbol. 

[[Freya]] takes a contract to escort a group of [[Pelor]] priests back to [[Temple of Pelor in Jalantar]]; they request her special. The journey is fairly uneventful, with only one opportunity to stretch your arms in combat. While in [[Jalantar]], you reach out to [[Akros]]. He, too, is not in the city; he told his subordinates that he was "taken away on urgent business but he hopes to be back soon". You're able to find a contract back to [[Arkhosia (City)]], and are paid 130 gold for the trips total.

Soon after our meeting with [[The Circle]], [[Hugh]] and [[Jade]] have a dinner date with with [[Gaundon Skullmall]]. He doesn't ignore [[Jade]], but he is very, very interested in [[Hugh]]. How he works, his history, his life. He asks many, many questions about how [[Hugh]] work, what runs through his veins, and some strange, specific questions (how does he react to certain substances, how does he react to certain words). He also asks many, many questions about the operation of [[Zilvengrod]]'s [[Holy Foundry]], where [[Hugh]] were burnt. Any gossip he's willing to divulge he eats up with a spoon. Occasionally, Jade somewhat forcefully reminds him that there are some questions you cannot answer without risking the lives of everyone in the restaurant. Skullmaul is a little disappointed, but a fairly gracious host in spite of it.

He is an innovative weapon designer who leveraged his success into the largest weapons manufactury in Zilvengrod, establishing a significant arms empire that supplies weapons to most nations in the Southern Cities. For decades, they have tried to master making Warforged, but none of their attempts have panned out. They approached it from hundreds of angles, but the secret eludes them; they've never successfully created anything but somewhat sophisticated animated armor. The true consciousness possible from an Eberronian Warforged astounds him, and his behavior dances right on the line between awestruck and racist. He also seems to be flirting with Jade. As you leave, he says that the next time you're home in Zilvengrod to reach out, he would be honored to host you and show you around.

[[Professor Leonard Klipitz]] arrives before the executions, he is brought in for questioning considering he had employed not one, but two [[Fire Raisers]]. After a few hours, though, he is cleared of any potential charges outside of being perhaps too single-minded in his work, and is encouraged to think a little harder about who he chooses to employ going forward. He does indeed bring diamonds with him, although not as many as you might have hoped. He's still negotiating the [[Gembag]], right now there's no rhyme or reason on what comes out. And some gems tend to arrive less regularly; diamonds are, perhaps unsurprisingly, the least common stone he gets. However, you are able to turn 1,284 gold into diamonds, cleaning him out entirely. That'll help with [[Resurrect Adrienne]]

You periodically reach out to [[Willow]], just to make sure he's still alive. It seems like an open question all things considered. He responds essentially the same way each time, with some very minor variations: "[[Rez]]! So lovely to hear from you. I cannot wait to see your friends on a Hulfni Miirkikier! Earlier is better, just in case. Tata!"  

[[Rez]] tries to understand what actually happened with [[Ghez Yhutl]] in Operation [[Dragon Scales Ahhhh]]. While he might have taken to this spy/adventurer thing with gusto and aplomb, the "sending" spell comes less naturally. But after a concerted week of [[Rez]] using the majority of her magical energy to communicate with him, you get the gist of what happened. A mid-level friar at [[Platinum Sanctuary of Jalantar]] named [[Nikander Vhegohl]] was acting suspicious, so [[Ghez Yhutl]] followed him for a few days. Eventually, he saw [[Nikander Vhegohl]] go into a building with a few folks, and before he went in he took off his holy symbol. [[Ghez Yhutl]] stuck around and waited for about an hour and a half, and could smell an almost ozone like scent drifting through the air periodically. [[Nikander Vhegohl]] and a few others left the building, but staggered, not together, and [[Ghez Yhutl]] snuck in. He found the corpse of a very young blue dragon in a cage, and it looked like it had a strange metal grafted onto its body. This is new and alarmingly different!! 

He took a sample and remembered [[Rez]] had mentioned [[Divitston Goldstone]]'s name once, assumed he could be trusted, and took it to him. [[Divitston Goldstone]] recognized the alloy, and they went to talk to the guy who likely made it, a blacksmith named [[Clive]]. They ended up walking in just as [[Clive]] was in the act of paying off a [[Dragon's Hide]] guard for illegally smuggling in contraband. Things escalated, and they killed the guard and [[Clive]]. [[Ghez Yhutl]] took the rap and intentionally got caught so [[Divitston Goldstone]] wouldn't be pursued, and then they snuck him in a shipment of candelabras going to [[Thelran Asari]] via airship. Now he's with [[Eirian]], and they're hot on the tail of [[Pleetos Alentas]]. He says to ask [[Divitston Goldstone]] for more information.

It's easy enough for you to keep up with [[The Miscasts]] while they're in town, as [[Jenson Davour]] makes sure that if you're making an appearance at an event, they also hire [[The Miscasts]] to perform. [[Welcome]] has become a huge fan of [[The Miscasts]] as well, and is a regular fixture at their shows and afterparties. [[Jade]] has started a thriving dizit dealing operation, and [[Welcome]] seems to have a particular affinity for the drug.

However, now that the election has passed and folks are heading out of [[Arkhosia (City)]] it's time for [[The Miscasts]] to move on. [[Jenson Davour]] has them booked up on a tour through the rest of the [[Southern Cities]], and early in the new year they head off to the [[Slavaadi College]], where they'll be in residence for the next six months. [[Jenson Davour]] stays with you until you're ready to go and puts [[Lorian]] in charge for the time being. Their "Farewell Arkhosia" show brings out 1,000 people, causes two fights and twelve arrests. The afterparty goes until 7:00 in the morning. It is awesome.

[[Jade]] and [[Freya]] fight at the [[Bloody Waters]]. It's under new management, and [[Rhys]] is running a pretty tight ship. You fight exclusively monsters and critters, and generally put on a fine show, with [[Freya]] serving as the brawn, an absolute murder machine, and [[Jade]] providing an insect driven panache. [[Jenson Davour]] accompanies you on these trips and helps ensure the guards look the other way; he must earn his 10% after all. Over the months [[The Unforged Few|Our Party]] is in [[Arkhosia (City)]], over the course of five fights, they're able to add another 1,100 gold to your coffers.   

In the [[Bloody Waters]], [[Freya]]'s blood pounds, her heart races, and she feels alive. The rage that fuels her in those moments is intoxicating; living on the edge of peril brings you energy that until a few months ago you'd never knew was possible. But after her third bout in the [[Bloody Waters]], [[Rhys]] tells [[Freya]] that she'll have to take a break; too many wins in a row messes with the odds. And without that outlet, she start to find yourself more...irritable than normal. It gets to the point where, when out and walking around, a stranger bumps into [[Freya]] and she nearly--literally--takes her head off.

To decompress, [[Freya]] heads to some of the parks here in and around [[Arkhosia (City)]]. There aren't many in the Great Cliff City, but just outside the city gates are some nature reserves that [[Freya]] and [[Hugh]] spend some time in. And yet, while [[Freya]]'s there, she find yourself, well, bored. Previously, there was nothing you liked more than to lay in a glade, basked in sunrays, listening to the stories the birds told. Now, though, she doesn't feel that fulfillment.

They still enjoy your time in the woods, sure, but as [[Freya]] tries and embrace the quiet tranquility of the reserve her mind flashes back to tearing into [[Willum]] under the [[Suncrest Palace]]; to your fight against four displacer beasts the previous month, tearing its tentacles off and as one was about to rip out [[Jade]]'s throat. No matter how much effort [[Freya]] expends, she just can't stop thinking about how much she'd rather be back in the [[Bloody Waters]], ripping enemies to shreds. And she's not sure how that makes you feel.

[[Rez]] share the dust you found in the boxes around [[Cinder]] when he transformed, and it doesn't take long to get an answer. [[Professor Leonard Klipitz]] recognizes it almost immediately; it is the byproduct of the refinement of firestone. After some research, you're able to determine that each of the boxes around [[Cinder]] were loaded with raw firestone and tied to a specific location in [[Ninarith]]. When [[Cinder]] transformed, it unleashed a huge amount of pure energy from the [[Plane of Fire]], as though the stone traveled between the planes and purified. It also activated the transportation sigals in the boxes, transporting the stone inside to three distinct locations in [[Eberron]], [[Brask]], and [[Baldur]]. Whoever received it in those three locations now has very rare, very expensive refined firestone that is typically only accessible through deals with [[Zilvengrod]].

[[Rez]] spends some time hanging around the [[Platinum Sanctuary of Arkhosia]] to get a sense of whether anyone here is as shady as those in [[Platinum Sanctuary of Jalantar]] seem to be. For better and for worse, you get the sense that here in [[Arkhosia (City)]] the order is largely made up of squares. You nose around and look for drama and gossip, but the worshipers of [[Bahamat]] you speak to are by and large rather boring. News of the scandals out of [[Jalantar]] haven't really reached them; the most significant drama here involves two friars who were having a secret affair. Normally, juicy stuff, but a little disappointing in the grander scale of things. At least [[Dragon Scales Ahhhh]] isn't seemingly here.

[[Vrolbekk Pixies|Bel]] and [[Vrolbekk Pixies|Klida]] head out of the city a few days after the failed bombings to try and get more information on their missing sister, [[Shoren]]. After almost two months, days before [[The Silver Halves]] are slated to arrive, they return. They've been searching every major city in the [[Southern Cities]], and finally have a lead. They can't be sure, but they detected in the [[The Slavaadi College]], inside the school, [[Vrolbekk Pixies|Klida]] was sure she smelt wet cat, thyme, and blueberry. Which is, obviously, what [[Shoren]] always smelt like. The couldn't get any closer, though, as the area is heavily enchanted and they didn't want to be seen.So they hurried back to tell you as soon as they could.

[[Freya]] spends a lot of time at the [[Arkohsia City Wayfinder Outpost]]. She's never had downtime, in a city, with these kinds of resources, to understand this organization that's become such a large part of your life. There are many books and histories of the [[Wayfinders]], and you're able to (slowly) consume most of them. The organization was founded shortly after [[The Second Sundering]], in 3203. If you lived outside walls, you were in grave danger from potential attacks from [[Tiamat]]'s now disbanded army. So people flooded into cities, and the already dangerous wilds got wilder.

The [[Wayfinders]] were established to help connect the humanoid races and provide protection to those in need. Within 100 years, they became an extremely important international organization; they are distinctly apolitical and have never taken a side in a conflict between political entities. Many famous adventurers spent time as [[Wayfinders]], either to start their careers or as a job in retirement; even some [[Intrepid Zumbini]] descendants like [[Buck Eamonson]] and five different [[Teapetal]]'s have served.

The organization has an Outpost in essentially every major settlement in [[Ninarith]], except for [[Eberron]], which does not officially recognize the [[Wayfinders]]. There are, however, unofficial Outposts in [[Eberron]], as it would be economic suicide to not allow [[Wayfinders]] to bring folks into your nation. They are headquartered out of [[Thelran Asari]], where the [[Roadmaster]] of the order directs operations out of [[Temple of Pelor in Thelran Asari]] and serves on the Council of the city. Currently the [[Roadmaster]] is [[Gulsindip Desindever]]; he's led the organization for 19 years. The leaders of the Outposts vote amongst themselves for the [[Roadmaster]], and once elected you serve for life. [[Gulsindip Desindever]] previously led the [[Thelran Asari Wayfinder Outpost]], and that posting is often seen as a feeder to [[Roadmaster]].

Each Outpost has one Overseer ([[Akros]] is [[Overseer of Jalantar]], and [[Naya]] is [[Overseer of Arkhosia City]]) that manages all operations. Otherwise, [[Wayfinders]] are largely organized by seniority and by accomplishment. Years of service are the most important factor in receiving the best contracts, unless a more junior [[Wayfinders]] has managed to achieve some remarkable feat like a cross-continental journey. (okay [[Freya]])

[[Freya]] finds that her extremely early achievement engenders both admiration and resentment. Many of the older [[Wayfinders]] treat you with disdain, even as you don't actively try to take away their work. Others, though, especially younger members, bend over backwards to try and accommodate anything that she might need. In particular, [[Hildehinn]], a halfling woman around your age, is more than happy to answer any questions you might have and help you with anything you might need, at the [[Arkohsia City Wayfinder Outpost]] or anywhere in the city. Eventually, both [[Jade]] and [[Rez]] let [[Freya]] know that [[Hildehinn]] is clearly flirting with you.

[[Freya]] also read many stories of conspiracies around the [[Wayfinders]]. They don't try to hide them, and have many books in their library written by critics of the organization. Some claim that the [[Wayfinders]] seek global domination, that they are nothing but a front for a massive conspiracy to institute a one-world order of [[Bane]], or [[Torm]], or [[Vecna]], or whichever god the writer could think of that day. There are lurid stories of cults starting in [[Wayfinders]] Outposts, and some of these are backed up by tribunal transcripts. But in each case, the [[Wayfinders]] were quick to expunge any political or religious actors trying to use their clout to influence continental affairs.

When going through books, [[Freya]] opens one that looks like it hasn't been touched in some time. She page through it, and find a note tucked into its spine, clearly intended to be hidden and ignored for some time. Looking at it she finds a list that she recognize as written in [[Naya]]'s hand. It's relatively short, but has the following information: "Key posts: Northern [[Ninarith]] (checkmark), [[Southern Cities]] (checkmark), [[Liveth forest]], [[Tinkate]] (checkmark), [[The Tendrils]] (checkmark).

We looked at the [[Kith and Kin]] book together, trying to decipher the clues to [[Freya]]'s. We learn that regarding the markings in the margins, there is a little bit of secrets there, could be from multiple sources though. The richest secrets are specifically around individually marked letters, we'll use those but in different ways. It's unclear if accidentally double marked or unclear letters are mistakes.
Marking types are independent but will tie together somehow, we can consider them individually in our decoding efforts.

[[Costi]] finds some information about [[Sheske Eeping]] - they're a relatively wealthy merchant family, only notable for having money. Upon her death, they're close to [[Hoddlinston]], who we remember the [[General Ilka Korsas]] was very upset with. [[Hoddlinston]] donated several items to [[Sheske Eeping]] in her death. We assume the [[Mirror of Life Trapping]] that [[General Ilka Korsas]] was trapped in was included. 

[[Costi]] privately requests access to some military information on the [[Three Dukes]], in particular [[Duchess v'Dharinov]]. They have some relatively extensive information, and are willing to allow you to look at some redacted versions of these records; you're a hero but still a foreign national of this nation, and it would not be out of the question that [[Eberron]] would fund a terrorist organization, then train an operative to put down that organization to gain [[Arkhosia]]'s trust and access to their military information. They determine that's less likely than the alternative, though.

[[Costi]] is impressed by how much information they actually have on [[Duchess v'Dharinov]]. There are detailed accountings of her troop numbers, areas of fortification and weakness. You find records of weapons purchases, some as recent as last month and going back decades. Her personal file is quite redacted, but it appears they have details on her personal life, on those close to her including a long, long list of paramours and lovers, and suspected children. It also includes "Date of Suspected Undeath: 3437." There are folios on all of her military officers, as well, including one on [[Cliff Burbank]]. They're surprised he's that high ranking. 

[[Costi]] also gets access to some new spells. As a relatively famous spellcaster in a city with significant resources, he learns 5 new spells. As far as designing spells goes, some of the supplicants who flood to [[The Unforged Few|Our Party]] claim to be powerful mages, folks looking for a like mind to bounce ideas off of. Most of them are clearly charlatans, but one fellow, a dragonborn named [[Opali Khed]], seems to be the real deal. He shows off one spell that [[Costi]]'s never seen before, creating a whip of fire that can strike people and objects around him. He might be able to help [[Costi]] create a spell or two.

Otherwise, [[Costi]] spends the bulk of his time with [[Henrik]], trying to figure out what his real angle is with this new [[Listeners Party]]. And as far as we're able to tell, it's...reform. Very quickly, [[Victor]], [[Henrik]], and the other Circler from [[The Providers]] ([[Ikthan Scretenden]]) quickly move to implement a few technical changes to [[Arkhosia]] electoral system to insulate the [[The Listeners]] from any potential procedural attacks, and begin a modest series of reforms. [[Costi]] is sometimes frustrated by the scope of the changes we see on offer (instead of eliminating property requirements, acreage and value requirements for voting are significantly lowered). But it is hard to ignore the fact that at least so far, the changes that are being made are taking the nation in a more equal, fair direction.

At one party in [[Henrik]]'s new estate (very modest, in [[Sciorca's Clutch]]), early in 3452, [[Costi]] ends up alone in [[Henrik]]'s private study. He is taken away by another [[The Guardians]] procedural attack on the [[The Listeners]] and has to go grandstand, and had just enough brandy that he wasn't quite thinking about how close [[Costi]] was to his documents. He finds a few details: while [[Henrik]]'s home in [[Arkhosia (City)]] is fairly modest, his home in [[Jalantar]] is slightly more fine. And his new 70 acre country estate in the [[Vrolbekk Forest]] has garnered less attention. [[Henrik]] is also directing a quiet stream of funding to a few accounts in [[Thalfar]], which raises [[Costi]]'s hackles until he sees [[Henrik]]'s private journals. A quick skim indicates that this money is likely going to [[Henrik]]'s shockingly large family, who seem to suffer from pretty serious poverty. And the other thing you learn: [[Henrik]] really, really, really hates [[Julian Slater-Runehorn|Julian]].

However, the rampant corruption baked into the heart of the system still revolts [[Costi]]; most of the property seized from the executed [[Fire Raisers]], or from those killed during the various attacks, winds up in the hands of important delegates and their friends. [[Henrik]] ensures [[Julian Slater-Runehorn|Julian]] winds up with a few new residences across the city, and offers [[Costi]] a permanent deed to the house you're in now. Of every delegate we speak with or interact with, the only one who does not engage is [[Victor]].

Towards the middle of Riventi, after the city has calmed down somewhat after the chaos of the elections and attacks, [[Costi]] and [[Hugh]] are finally able to get your dinner with [[Tevkosh Adelka]]. They visit him at his personal residence in [[The Claw]], he lives in a modest home (or, modest for that very nice, wealthy neighborhood), and they are let in by his staff. [[Costi]] had been doing some work with [[Tevkosh Adelka]] in the political area, so it makes sense that they'd have this dinner. After a very brief welcome, [[Tevkosh Adelka]] leaves the room and [[Costi]] and [[Hugh]] are left alone with his personal bodyguard, [[Pruvki Forgaveat]]. 

After the months and months of trying to get in touch with him, [[Costi]] and [[Hugh]] are just a little bit disappointed. [[Tevkosh Adelka]] is extremely forthright, but he only has some of the information that we've been looking for. He has been with the [[ELA]] for about thirty years, but the organization is at least 100 years old. Its exact founding point is somewhat hotly debated, some argue is was destroyed multiple times, or that the current [[ELA]] doesn't reflect the real values of true liberation. [[Pruvki Forgaveat]] chooses to leave those issues to academics. He's a solider.

For the last decade, [[Pruvki Forgaveat]] has been installed in [[Arkhosia (City)]] with [[Tevkosh Adelka]], and serves as the [[ELA]]'s eyes and ears in the [[Arkhosia]] government. [[Tevkosh Adelka]] is sympathetic to [[ELA]]'s cause, and helps to make sure they are armed and supported. In the rare instances when [[Arkhosia]] might provide support to [[Eberron]] to root out rebels, [[Tevkosh Adelka]] has been successful in inflaming anti-[[Eberron]] sentiment and heading off any threats to the [[ELA]].

[[Pruvki Forgaveat]] is able to confirm a few things. The [[ELA]] is absolutely a terrorist organization, a group of freedom fighters working to depose the (in his words) undead parasites that manipulate the people, keep [[Eberron]] citizens poor and oppressed, and prey off their weakness. Both of [[Costi's mom]] and [[Costi's Dad]] are lifelong members of  the [[ELA]]; [[Pruvki Forgaveat]] actually joined around the same time as they did. They took positions at [[AVAD]] in [[Deal 'Ras]] as cover, although they believe it likely that the [[Three Dukes]] are aware of at least [[Costi's Dad|Vladimir Grosu]]'s position. [[Costi's Dad|Vladdy Daddy]] is a talented guerilla fighter, and has trained hundreds of insurgents in how to most effectively fight in the mountains. [[Costi's mom]] is no slouch, either; the organization generally only allows one parent in a married couple to act in the field, when the [[Eberron]] government retaliates, children are more likely to still have one parent. However, prior to your birth, both of them engaged in direct hostilities with [[Duchess v'Dharinov]] for about a decade. [[Pruvki Forgaveat]] fought beside both of them in multiple skirmishes and one pitched battle.

However, having been in [[Arkhosia]] for more than a decade means his information about what's happening in the homeland is sparse and scattered. When he came to [[Arkhosia (City)]], [[Costi's Dad|Vladimir Grosu]] was laying low; they were working to provide cover for some of his activity as the state was taking a renewed interest in him. He left home because of that increased attention to help mitigate the threat of collateral damage. As far as [[Pruvki Forgaveat]] knows, [[Costi's Dad|Vladdy Daddy]] is still active in the field, conducting operations in Dutchy [[Eberron]] against [[Duke v'Luthei]]. However, in the bits of correspondence from [[Costi's Dad|Vladdy Daddy]] that he was able to see, he noticed the tone and tenor of the messages change about three years ago. Words he'd never seen him use, that seemed out of character. He wrote it off as people changing, but now he's not so sure. He promises to convey this to his superiors and to make sure this is investigated. He also gives you the location of an [[ELA]] safe house in [[Deal 'Ras]] and [[New Fairhaven]].

And whenever you can get away from the hustle and bustle of politics, you spend time at the [[Halls of the Dead]]. The [[Death's Watchers]] embrace you into the order, and [[Samuel]] in particular seems happy to be here. They help you get up to speed on the rites and preparation of the dead; they are responsible for preparing the executed [[Fire Raisers]] after the hangings, and you work on setting their bodies and souls to rest. However, you hit a wall on getting access to records. Even as you work and spend more time in the [[Halls of the Dead]] and venture regularly into the crypts below, you are not allowed to go up into the higher floors, the administrative part of the building. All three orders must agree to permit anyone not employed by the [[Halls of the Dead]] above the chapels, and you are blocked by one of them. They also have fully blocked off access to the [[Duvey Crypt]]; no one is allowed on that floor.  

[[Hugh]] and [[Jade]] have a dinner date with with [[Gaundon Skullmall]]. He doesn't ignore [[Jade]], but he is very, very interested in [[Hugh]]. How he works, his history, his life. [[Gaundon Skullmall]] asks many, many questions about how [[Hugh]] works, what runs through his veins, and some strange, specific questions (how does [[Hugh]] react to certain substances, how does you he react to certain words). [[Gaundon Skullmall]] also asks many, many questions about the operation of [[Zilvengrod]]'s [[Holy Foundry]], where [[Hugh]] was burnt. Any gossip [[Hugh]]'s willing to divulge he eats up with a spoon. Occasionally, [[Jade]] somewhat forcefully reminds [[Gaundon Skullmall]] that there are some questions [[Hugh]] cannot answer without risking the lives of everyone in the restaurant. [[Gaundon Skullmall]] is a little disappointed, but a fairly gracious host in spite of it.

[[Gaundon Skullmall]] is an innovative weapon designer who leveraged his success into the largest weapons manufactory in [[Zilvengrod]], establishing a significant arms empire, [[Skullmall Industries]], that supplies weapons to most nations in the [[Southern Cities]]. For decades, [[Skullmall Industries]] has tried to master making Warforged, but none of their attempts have panned out. They approached it from hundreds of angles, but the secret eludes them; they've never successfully created anything but somewhat sophisticated animated armor. The true consciousness possible from an [[Eberronian Military]] Warforged astounds him, and [[Gaundon Skullmall]]'s behavior dances right on the line between awestruck and racist. He also seems to be flirting with [[Jade]]. As the two of them leave, [[Gaundon Skullmall]] says that the next time [[Hugh]]'s home in [[Zilvengrod]] to reach out, he would be honored to host [[The Unforged Few|Our Party]] and show us around.

[[Hugh]] makes another attempt to contact some of the faces from his vision. Asking around, no one he trusts enough to show the drawings recognizes any of those faces, or at least not well enough to identify them for the purposes of magical communication. [[Hugh]]'s able to send the messages out into the void, and with the exception of the lizardlike face, he feels them land with a recipient. They follow his instructions, though, and do not reply back. After two months of no response, [[Hugh]] begins to wonder whether anything will come of it.

It takes the better part of two months, but eventually [[Hugh]] and [[Jade]] start to make sense of [[Ellinev Del]]'s notes. [[Jade]] made copies quickly, which is prudent, as folks notice them missing shortly after the attack and they have to come up with an excuse on why [[The Unforged Few|Our Party]] has had them. No one is asking too many questions of us at this point, though, and the [[Arkhosia (City)]] officials take them with no fanfare. [[Jade]] and [[Hugh]] are initially not sure whether to be more impressed or frustrated by her notetaking syle. [[Ellinev Del]] clearly put a great deal of trust in her ability to hold information in her head indefinitely; she would regularly not include key pieces of information in her notes. [[Jade]] is able to gather some significant information by cross referencing sentences and paragraphs across the various notebooks, but consistently there are critical details that are only signified by a random number not written in any of the books. [[Jade]] assumes she committed those numbers to memory. While they are not useless to [[The Unforged Few|Our Party]], they are extremely hard to make useful for anyone but [[Ellinev Del]].  

[[Sienna Burbank]] left [[Arkhosia (City)]] shortly after the failed [[Fire Raisers]] bombings, but [[Hugh]] is able to send her a message. Her response: "I have never been a fan of piecemeal conversation, [[Hugh|Mr. Finn]]. But expect a letter from me soon with a more detailed response." And sure enough, about a week later [[Hugh]] receives a longer missive.

"[[Hugh|Mr. Finn]], I completely understand your reluctance to fully trust either myself or my husband. Our affiliations with some entities that I am aware certain individuals could find distasteful (the Eberronian military and Julian) does little to engender confidence, especially considering your complicated relationship with both. That being said, I implore you to take a leap of faith. I am rather biased, to be sure, but the Colonel is a man with many layers and likely to not be what you expect.

  

"There is more that is difficult to communicate outside of a direct conversation, but I urge you to make the journey to allow that conversation to happen. Clifford would greatly appreciate the opportunity to make your personal acquaintance and convey his position. Unfortunately, he has some challenges, both logistical and physical, with travel; the life of an old soldier is not a comfortable one. This means that, should you choose to hear out his offer, you must visit our quite luxurious compound. I assure you the trip will be well worth the effort for yourself, young Constantine, and perhaps the rest of your friends as well. If at any time you would like to come to the Burbank compound, simply let me know and we can have you brought to us from anywhere in the Southern Cities.

  

"Both Clifford and I sincerely hope that you'll be with us soon. Good luck on what I am sure is an exciting adventure, and please do not be a stranger. Sienna Burbank.

  

"P.S. Please destroy this letter after you have committed the details to memory."

  

Periodically, you accompany Freya on some trips outside the city to the nature reserves that surround it. While you are delighted by the occasional copse of trees, the rolling hills punctuated by rocky cliffs that make up the countryside around Arkhosia City, Freya often seems distracted. She acknowledges the birds overhead, the herds of bison that periodically rumble past you, the interconnected meerkat colonies when you excitedly point them out, but she seems off. Distant, or removed, maybe. The conversation often drifts back to a retold story of battle and glory, or a detail from her most recent fight at the Bloody Waters; topics you're hoping to avoid in the peaceful serenity of nature. Freya is your friend, and you enjoy the walks, but they don't bring you what you're looking for, and eventually she starts to skip them. And, alone, you connect with nature even more deeply. It's nice.

  

Towards the middle of Riventi, after the city has calmed down somewhat after the chaos of the elections and attacks, you are finally able to get your dinner with Tevkosh Adleka. You and Costi visit him at his personal residence in The Claw, he lives in a modest home (or, modest for that very nice, wealthy neighborhood), and are let in by his staff. Costi has been doing some work with Tevkosh in the political area, so it makes sense that you'd have this dinner. After a very brief welcome, Tevkosh leaves the room and you are left alone with his personal bodyguard, Pruvki Forgaveat. 

  

After the months and months of trying to get in touch with him, you're just a little bit disappointed. He is extremely forthright with you; maybe the first time anyone has been forthright in months. But he only has some of the information that the two of you are looking for. He has been with the ELA for about thirty years, but the organization is at least 100 years old. Its exact founding point is somewhat hotly debated, some argue is was destroyed multiple times, or that the current ELA doesn't reflect the real values of true liberation. Pruvki chooses to leave those issues to academics. He's a solider.

  

For the last decade, he has been installed in Arkhosia City with Tevkosh, and serves as the ELA's eyes and ears in the Arkhosian government. Tevkosh is sympathetic to ELA's cause, and helps to make sure they are armed and supported. In the rare instances when Arkhosia might provide support to Eberron to root out rebels, Adleka has been successful in inflaming anti-Eberronian sentiment and heading off any threats to the ELA.

  

Pruvki is able to confirm a few things for you. The ELA is absolutely a terrorist organization, working to depose the (in his words) undead parasites that manipulate the people, keep Eberronian citizens poor and oppressed, and prey off their weakness. Both of Costi's parents are lifelong members of  the ELA; Pruvki actually joined around the same time as they did. They took positions at AVAD in Deal 'Ras as cover, although they believe it likely that the Three Dukes are aware of at least Vlad's position. He is a talented guerilla fighter, and has trained hundreds of insurgents in how to most effectively fight in the mountains. Sonia is no slouch, either; the organization generally only allows one parent in a married couple to act in the field, when the Eberronian government retaliates, children are more likely to still have one parent. However, prior to Costi's birth, both of them engaged in direct hostilities with Dutchess v'Dharinov for about a decade. Pruvki fought beside both of them in multiple skirmishes and one pitched battle.

  

However, having been in Arkhosia for more than a decade means his information about what's happening in the homeland is sparse and scattered. When he came to Arkhosia City, Vlad was laying low; they were working to provide cover for some of his activity as the state was taking a renewed interest in him. He left home because of that increased attention to help mitigate the threat of collateral damage. As far as Pruvki knows, Vladimir is still active in the field, conducting operations in Dutchy Eberron against Duke v'Luthei. However, in the bits of correspondence from Vlad that he was able to see, he noticed the tone and tenor of the messages change about three years ago. Words he'd never seen Vlad use, that seemed out of character. He wrote it off as people changing, but now he's not so sure. He promises to convey this to his superiors and to make sure this is investigated. He also gives you the location of an ELA safehouse in Deal 'Ras and New Fairhaven.

  

But mostly, you spend most of your free time at the Hearth at the Sunrise Temple. Costi is very busy trying to make sure that whatever Henrik is up to is on the straight and narrow, and is off at political events more often than not. And while you're always invited, it's not a place where you feel a deep sense of connection or fulfillment. But the Hearth needs you. The order of Moradin there informs you that, for the first time in its history, the Truesilver Hearth has more people coming to it than Moradin's Forge. Some of them, you think, are less than thrilled by this development. But the knowledge that one of the city's saviors can be found there draws in hundreds of supplicants. Most are only there for the opportunity to see you, not to truly pay homage to Truesilver, which likely irks you.

  

However, it's worth it for the light in the eyes of the small handful who, when you talk about your lady, understand. And your heart warms the first day, early in the new year, when you walk into the Hearth to find the fire already lit and being tended by a dwarf you met the day before. You are also told that an undisclosed benefactor has offered to provide full time devotees of Truesilver with gold to meet their necessary living expenses. By the time the Silver Halves arrive on the last day of Riventi, there are a small clutch of about 15 worshipers who can reliably be found at the Hearth.

[[Vask]] and the other [[The Silver Halves]] arrive.