---
type: detailed-notes
up:
  - - Session Log
prev:
  - - session-44
---

# Session 45: 

### A Visitor in the Night

Cold icy pressure between her shoulder blades wakes [[Freya]], in a totally not overtly concerning way. [[The Curator]] has come to visit. Following-up on [[The Unforged Few|Our-Party]] efforts to kill [[The Beauties of Shadow]]. They gives a group of test tubes, 3 filled with a small amount of gray liquid, and 3 empty, paired with a thin metal quill -- the [[Curator Quills]]. Each tube is enough for one use, if we need [[The Curator]]'s help, we should just make a mark with the quill. She says the [[The Beauties of Shadow]] may interefer with her magic, but making a mark allows her to temporarily "peirce the veil". The mark can be on whatever [[Freya]] wishes. They says the mark should go wherever she needs assistance the most - but it's implied there could be serious impacts, it's uncertain what those are in advance. They says the Quills are tied to them, and also to the [[The Beauties of Shadow]], and allow them to "step through boundaries". They claims the Beauties been in [[Jalantar]] longer than them. Warns us that [[Threthdia Scrivit]]'s house may not look like we expect. 

They also has a favor to ask [[freya]], that those in her collection help each other. They would like to see each of the forms [[Freya]] can turn into, and "take a pinch of each one". After some conversation, they agreed to ask their other subject to destroy [[Freya]]'s blood, and share any results of what they learn from it.  [[The Curator]] gathers the sample in 3 disturbing ways.

As soon as she wakes, [[Freya]] goes to talk to [[Rez]] and [[Adrienne Spout|Adrienne]]. [[Adrienne Spout|Adrienne]] reaches out, and finds the [[Curator Quills]] to feel the same desecrated energy that radites from the mark on [[Freya]]'s back. An identify spell confirms the use of the quills. We chat about this choice, but ultimately, [[Freya]]'s blood is hers to offer if she wants.

### Errands Day
We head down to breakfast, to find [[Pik]] [[Pak]] [[Magister]] [[Costi]] and [[Hugh]]. [[Costi]] plans to go pick up his gift dagger for [[Qik]] from [[Divitston Goldstone]]. He also realizes he needs to hire someone for their date dagger lesson. [[Rez]] offers to go sell things for some additional money. [[Victoria Several|Victoria]] suggests the tanner Livas to [[Freya]] for her gruung hides. 

[[Magister]] asks [[Costi]] where he learned Wrist Pocket. We tell him all about the [[Necromantic Underground Chapel]]. We show him the [[Magically Resistant Chain]] and the [[Shadowfell Shard]]. He says what we found was uncommon magic tied to dunamancy. [[Magister]] gives us a lesson magic, and tells us it seems like one of the figures featured in the Chapel is [[Vecna]]. All magic is tied to the weave, which is in all things to varying extents. Says dunamancy is newer, and goes beyond pulling from planes and to manipulating them. It's divided into two sides: mainuplation of time, or manipulation of gravity. It's strongest on the prime material. [[Adrienne Spout|Adrienne]] also shows him the pearl from the [[Elemental Plane of Earth]]. [[Freya]] draws [[Magister]] a perfect map from the [[Zalevi Embassy in Jalantar]] to the [[Necromantic Underground Chapel]]. He heads off to find his way there. 

### Winnifey's Update
[[The Unforged Few|Our-Party]] heads out to meet [[Winifey]] for breakfast and information. We feel each other out. Get a whole lot of info from connected to the [[Fire Raiser Baddie Audit]]. She says she's quite close to [[Niko]], but the fact that he's not here has put suspicion on him for not being able to answer questions. They want to delay their "programming" until they know their house is in order, to be sure things are good. Tells us that [[Niko]] worked the [[Bellisme Show]]. She thinks [[Niko]] has crossed a bridge and potentially brought others along with him. Believes if he wasn't the one who planned the attack, that he was at least instrumental in it. She shows us a package with a black wooden cylinder with red bands on it, says it's what they used at the [[Bellisme Show]], but they don't know why it did more than that. We take the [[Fire Raiser Mystery Cylinder]] to look into it. 

[[Adrienne Spout|Adrienne]] and [[Freya]] seems to get vibes she's not being entirely truthful. [[Adrienne Spout|Adrienne]] raises our predicament with the investigation. We're told to use the [[Fire Raiser Mystery Cylinder]] as evidence if it's helpful. Gives us a location on a map with some red herrings in it we can use, and gives us a cover story of a "shadowy figure" leaving the sewers. [[Winifey|Winnie]] says [[Ulia Glorsbade]] is also gone, she thinks [[Niko]] helped her get out of the city. Thinks they're heading to [[Arkhosia (City)]].  [[Costi]] detects her thoughts, sees a red undillating wave when we mention what plans might be coming up in [[Arkhosia (City)]]. Tells us to stay away from the docks, thinks it's Sill Dockhouse (might be Kayson's) on the 15th.  [[Adrienne Spout|Adrienne]] asks about other radicals within the [[Fire Raisers]] who could be problems: in her thoughts [[Costi]] sees [[Niko]], a tiefling, and a flash of [[Cinder]]. Tells us about an old [[Fire Raisers]] hideout on the road to [[Arkhosia (City)]], the [[Ruins of Fort Chyvensti]], asks for us to check-in. She'll be there later in the week too. 

### Fey Friends to the Rescue
We all head to the [[The Fiddlers Respite]]. [[Pendra]] greets [[The Unforged Few|Our-Party]] and goes to get [[Innis]] (and MAYBE [[Qik]] to [[Costi]]'s chagrin). [[Vrolbekk Pixies|Klida]] gives us the update, but [[Vrolbekk Pixies|Bel]] isn't messing around. Asks when we're going to free their sibling. We say once we're no longer in danger. We give them update on our fey enemies. He says they're probably always watching us, and are known for keeping grudges. They've never heard of the [[The Beauties of Shadow]], says covens are extremely dangeous and magically powerful. Warns us to stay away. [[Vrolbekk Pixies|Bel]] says they're stronger when they're together, that if we kill one they're all weaker. Also recognized the mushrooms we found in the [[Vrolbekk Forest]], called a Crusher. Said they grow with the attention of mortals, until you are trapped and crushed. [[Vrolbekk Pixies|Klida]] says she'll come to [[Arkhosia (City)]] to search for her sister and let us know if she's there. We suggest [[Srictha]] - she immediately leaves to go get him. We also stop by to see [[Qik]]. 

### Errands pt. 2
We all break for errands. [[Rez]] sells some party junk and then buys a healing potion, scroll of counterspell, and a [[Concoction of Conflagration]]. [[Costi]] picks up his dagger. [[Hugh]] sold some frog parts. [[Freya]] went to the tanner and commissioned his cloak. [[Adrienne Spout|Adrienne]] went to do some logistics planning with [[Julian Slater-Runehorn|Julian]].  He's taking an airship to [[Arkhosia (City)]] but tells us to find our own way. He's also setting up a meeting with [[Sienna Burbank]] for [[Adrienne Spout|Adrienne]] tomorrow. [[Freya]] asks [[Adrienne Spout|Adrienne]] if [[Rez]]'s [[Shadowfell Shard]] feels desecrated like the mark on her back -- [[Adrienne Spout|Adrienne]] says it's cold and sad but different, not desecrated. 

We all return home for some pre-planning before our dinner of death. 