---
type: detailed-notes
up:
  - - Session Log
prev:
  - - notes-77
---

# Detailed Notes: Session 78

We spend a little more time thinking about bomb dynamics, and decide to try and add the [[Amulet of Blasting]] behind the bomb, it will help counter the backwards pressure, and any excess won't move. That means [[Freya]] may wait behind the concrete safety structure [[Rez]] creates, and if it seems to be failing, hold an action to send a cone shatter outwards as a last ditch effort to channel the explosin outward.

As we near our location, we see it's a two story building of sort of unclear purpose. A secondhand store is on one side, and another two story  apartment building is other. The parade targets won't be hear for another 2 hours or so. The vantage point lets us see over the [[Pourfoot PIer]], with hundreds of ships and thousands of people at the beginning. The celebrations are starting. 

[[Rez]] messages [[Cut]], saying "Hello! We are here to help, where are you?", he says "Great. More hands. Thanks for the heads up, we'll put down the guns". We walk into our target building, which is clearly some sort of warehouse. There are piles of good around, and door leading further into the building we can't quite see, and a central staircase.

Four [[Fire Raisers]] are inside, an aarakocra with some sort of red haze around her, [[Z]], and three others. She's says [[Cut]] is upstairs, with two others upstairs. He says it's great for us to help with evacuations, there's 3 main buildings - we'll tackle two and another [[Fire Raisers]], an impressive looking woman named [[Zohra]], will tackle the other. We'll do the apartment and then the school below it. 

We decide to split up becuase we only have an hour. Being sure we split our talkers and our perceivers. [[Jade]], [[Neiragneg|Neir]], and [[Freya]] got to the apartment building. [[Freya]] makes a bit of a shake with earth tremor, and they start to knock on the doors one by one to warn them. There is a very obstinate halfling family inside that [[Jade]] has to resort to suggesting into getting out. Sounds like they'll go see [[The Miscasts]]. They then encounter a family waiting for their eldest child to come home from a sleepover. The group convinces them to go pick her up instead, with some understable hesistation from the parents, who send the kids and one parent off, leaving the other to wait for their daughter. 

Team School, which is [[Rez]], [[Costi]], and [[Hugh]] do a quick amount of prep. [[Rez]] forges an official letter calling for an evacuation, [[Costi]] makes a bunch of architectural papers, and [[Hugh]] goes down to typical warforged. An attendant inside is convinced to go and get an instructor, [[Professor Cudds]]. This guy is skeptical, but we try to convince him kids have to go home for their safety. We are 'naturally' convincing, and they decide to implement their evacuation plan - and will be out in 10 if we'll look at their water damage. Eventually they make their way out and head to an inner part of the [[The Claw]]. 

Wrapping with the apartments, [[Freya]] decides to wait out front to be sure no one else enters. [[Jade]] and [[Neiragneg|Neir]] check out the store and see that it says 'closed'. They head back to let [[Freya]] know. As we chat [[Neiragneg|Neir]] ran down to write a "closed for inspection" across the school. We then discuss the need to evacuate the street, despite [[Cut]] not bringing that up. We think back, and [[Niko]] told us we needed to clear off a 60ft area when the time is right. If the bomb works as intended, what we've evacuated should be clear. If it's bigger, the two buildings above our street could be at risk of sliding. 

Paranoid, we send half of our group to double check the store next door. We don't hear anyone inside, [[Costi]] picks the lock to be sure. We all slip inside, and it looks like there's been a recent struggle. We send [[Samuel]] upstairs to do a quick loop. There's about 14 people bound and gagged inside. It looks like a viewing party was jumped, but rather than sending them out they just knocked them unconscious. [[Rez]] tries to message to [[Freya]] if she's in range. 

At the same time, our other team heads up to one of the buildings above us. [[Jade]] and [[Neiragneg|Neir]] break-in and check it out. It's building is vacant, empty of apartments. Great. The building next is a high-end spa, they run into some trouble trying to get the receptionist to pay attention. Indicating they may culpalble if their client die, [[Jade]] 'naturally' convinces them to hurry the fuck up.

Flashing over to [[Freya]] she physically carries the waiting dad outside, telling him he can wait as long as he doesn't go inside. She then heads towards the store next door. [[Hugh]] takes a look at the down partygoers, sees they were beat to unconsciousness. One is already dead, the other 13 are stable but down. We dedice have to neutralize the threat of [[Cut]] and be sure this bomb hasn't been messed with. [[Hugh]] sweetly lays a flower on the deceased. [[Rez]] pops outside and rolls the dice to message to the same government tail we had earlier, saying "There are 13 unconscious hostages inside, we need you to evacuate them", he responds! "I'll do what I can, but we can't interefere with the mission"

We get [[The Unforged Few|Our Party]] back together and briefly debate what to do. [[Costi]] wants to go in and start killing everyone. [[Rez]] warns that our top priority needs to be securing the bomb, and we dedice to at least try to get control of that before we try to take out [[Cut]].

As we leave the building, we see that parade is gaining steam. We think there's 45 minutes until our bomb is scheduled to detonate, but the route is running quicker and we're the cue. We may have only 25/20 minutes. 

Entering into the hideout, [[Jade]] tells them that it's running early, they plan to let [[Zohra]] try to clear the streets about 30 seconds before the attack. We all start to try to find the bomb. Most of our normal options don't work, there's nothing to detect or locate magically. [[Neiragneg|Neir]] looks for things have been moved more than others, but unforunately it looks like they've purposefully moved most of things around to confuse any attempts to spot them. [[Rez]] sees over 10 boxes that could be large enough to hide the bomb, but we're not sure. As we hit the stairs, we notice that [[Z]] scolds the two from moving a big shielding structure. They've fully exposed the bomb. 

As we hit upstairs, we see them affixing symbolic jewlery. We report in that we did a good job, and he says we can either hang and watch the show or head out. He says we'll be fine from the bomb if we're in here but we can't see where the bomb actually is. We try to learn what [[Cut]]'s plan, he says that the plan is to send the side walk evacuees ahead so they don't flee back into the exploding. He pushes us going on to the balcony just a liiiiiitle too hard. We get the sense he doesn't want us downstairs. We wiggle our way there anyway.

On the stairs [[Costi]] tells [[Rez]] he's ready to start this, and is going to detect thoughts to get this started. We all sort of spread out and metally prepare, [[Costi]] asks [[Z]]. "Where's the bomb? We know you killed all those people next door, just tell us where the bombs is". Her surface thoughts are "Here we go", but as he magically pushes deeper, he sees a chest forming in her inner mind, a dark dark brown chest about 5 feet wide and 2 feet tall.

This sets it off, and we fight. We struggle, it's as hard as we worried. [[Jade]] and [[Neiragneg|Neir]] both fall unconscious multiple times, as we slowly work on knocking them out, mostly struggle to stay alive. We start to chagne the tides, [[Freya]] and [[Rez]] killing those on the ground floor, including [[Z]], while the top floor works on [[Cut]], [[Mandik]], and [[Zohra]]. [[Hugh]] decides to trick [[Cut]] into thinking the bomb went off, and he runs away to investigate. It gets him out, but splits our party again as we try to be sure he doesn't blow the bomb or slip away. He slips into a side room, where we think the bomb is, and disappears. Hiding in shadows, he knocks [[Freya]] out first, before taking down [[Neiragneg|Neir]], slicing him until he loses his life.  Enraged, our party tries to decide how to keep people alive while removing [[Cut]] from the board. Right as we're panicking, [[Freya]] is naturally and magically raised from her unconsciousness, and with all of the might of our vegence finally finally ends [[Cut]]. 

[[Hugh]] says he cannot do this again. [[Neiragneg|Neir]] has been helping saving people, and now we need to save him. He pleas to [[TrueSilver]], and casts revivify. [[Jade]] is intrigued and starts to look through his things, fascinated and remembering all of his interesting things. She investigates if he can be brought back. [[Freya]] gently cradles his body, and starts to do curls with his tiny unconscious body saying, sharing how guilty she feels but that he shows strength comes in different sizes. [[Costi]] says the [[Neiragneg|Neir]] has been so selfless helping people but now he needs to help himself, and put the magical mechanisms that he cast his healing magic through and pushes that into his chest. [[Rez]] starts by sharing that he's her newest friend and then does an elaborate performance that [[Rhend Triverswill]] is here and [[Neiragneg|Neir]] is immediately needed to give his wyvern report. 

As the spell starts to take effect, the magic swirls and his eyes open! The suspended time stops and [[Freya]] falls unconscious again from her lingering wounds. [[Jade]] also only just barely heals off. [[The Unforged Few|Our Party]] desperately chugs healing points then begins to search the warehouse for the bomb. A soft sound draws our attention, and [[Mandik]] drifts down, turned into an undead by [[Jade]]. [[Freya]] tries to look to see the progress of the parade, but we find we've locked in. [[Costi]] starts working to pick the lock. It takes two tries, but after about a minute it opens to show that we are right when the [[The Circle]] is nearing our location. [[Hugh]] and [[Jade]] search [[Cut]]'s body for the fuse, and find: a set of keys, [[Bleeders]], and no bags of holding. [[Neiragneg|Neir]] and [[Rez]] start searching the rest of the area, and find a chest that seems perfectly suited, but we start to look more closely and see initials on the back "RT", which we assume means [[Rhend Triverswill]]. He's been experimenting with durable illusions. [[Jade]] brings her zombie-[[Mandik]] and we ask him questions.

He looks and sees there is still a bomb inside it, but no fuse. [[Mandik]] says that the fuse is supposed to be coming from the sky. We all panic and try to look through the illusions, and [[Rez]] somehow suppernaturally sees through, with some help fom [[Hugh]]. 

The back has been removed and the sides, there's wires, magical glyphs and powder. There's a spot in the back with a hole that seems like where the fuse would be. We all discuss if it can be safely wrapped up in [[Rez]] cement, [[Jade]] and [[Costi]] try to see if it is magically trapped. She sees that it's deeply unsound and super unstable. The glyphs on it however seem to be conjuration, we worry that means that the lit fuse will be summoned right into the spot. 

[[Rez]] sendings to [[First Officer Ghent]], "Found bomb, strongest possible illusion. Fuses to be delivered. Look for RT on box. Ours is sabotaged. Trying to contain and protect from exploding. NOW", he replies, "good timing, moving in now". 

"Fuses being summoned into bombs, we think. We need to evacuate the area. Can you help? And tell others!" He says, "Copy. Leaving radias"

[[Rez]] tries to get everyone else to leave, but [[Costi]] volunteers to stay and help. They're going to try and make a lead plug to prevent the fuse from being able to transport into the slot. As the rest of [[The Unforged Few|Our Party]] leaves, [[Costi]] offers the cube of force to contain it. 

Everyone else leaves with two minutes to spare, everyone splits off to try and get spectators evacuated in case we fail. [[Jade]] sends zombie-[[Mandik]] off to scare people into running off. [[Hugh]] puts a ribbon on that reads "enforcer", he starts gently telling people there are rock slides, and uses magical effects to make sounds that makes it seem more realistic. [[Freya]] starts convincing people there's been rock slides too, using gust to more forcefully move them around, and [[Neiragneg|Neir]] does the same but adds in a noxious scent of a gas leak. [[Costi]] also sends [[Samuel]] to be a pest, and steal things then run away them. He gets poofed out for these crimes. This chaos a very minor and controlled pandemonium ensues. They pretty effectively clear out a 100 foot radius area. [[Jade]] stays within message range of [[Rez]]. 

Inside, [[Rez]] and [[Costi]] put the [[Cube of Force]] around the bomb to start working on it. She begins weaving the song of creation and can perfectly fill the gap with liquid lead and pulls it through the symbols. We trigger some sort of defensive mechanism, as spirit guardians begins to fill the area. [[Costi]] pulls back and replaces the barrier but this time ruling out spells. It protects us and we watch as a burning fuse appears right by the port, but can't seem to connect. [[Rez]] slips out and knocks the fuse away, then they re-establish the Cube. They settle in to wait.

Outside the parade progresses, we make it without our bomb exploding. We wait on tetherhooks, as we don't hear... anything. [[Rez]] messages to [[Jade]] and we reconvene. Not long after, someone walks in from upstairs. It's our tail, [[Zudrhun Havenstream]], who says he's a third officer. He says it appears to be mission accomplished. We lead him to the bomb, but can't see past the illusion. He takes our word for it. He says they'll send for others to watch it. [[Rez]] asks [[Hugh]] to check in if he seems legit, according to our best read he seems to be legit. [[Costi]] searches through the bodies of the [[Fire Raisers]] we killed, but they didn't have much. We get a woodcutting axe and a mace with firey etchings. We also get [[Mandik]]'s orb.  

We're told the [[TAI Committee]] wants to speak with us, and we clearly can't hold up much of a fight at this point. So we leave. Walk along the parade route and make our way to get the read out. Eventually, we reach the [[Suncrest Palace]]. As soon as we reach, two individuals in government black escort us in. this time, we're taken upstairs to a nice sitting room with heavily covered furniture. We finally get a moment to rest. When we wake there are 6 greater healing potions, and 1 superior, "You have [[Arkhosia (City)]]'s thanks, [[First Officer Ghent]] will be by to collect you in a few hours. Help yourself to whatever is in the closests." We find a large selection of clothing, so we grab some things. 

As we rest, we recap some things, and [[Rez]] asks [[Neiragneg|Neir]] how he feels about his boss now. He thinks he's a fucking idiot. It's been a while since [[Neiragneg|Neir]] has actually worked with him on those issues. We think about if we've seen illusions on a similar level before. As we relax, [[Costi]] identifies the orb and knives. It's a [[Orb of Telekenisis]], and the [[Bleeders]]. The [[FIre Raiser Axe]] and the [[Fire Raiser Mace]] both deal an extra 1d8 fire damage on top of their 1d8 bludgeoning, both are +1 weapons.

[[First Officer Ghent]] finally arrives, with some clear burn damage enters the room. He fucks with us, as is his way. [[Freya]] immediately asks about [[my hole]], and he says he'll do the best we can. It seems like he did have some losses, but seems to be happy with how things worked out. We are summoned by the [[TAI Committee]], including [[Ellinev Del]], [[Victor]], [[Ricci Scrucks]] (who is also beaten up and bruised), [[Relakas]], and a second of [[Victor]]'s that we don't recognize but is in [[The Providers]] garb. [[Relakas]] was directly weird to [[Jade]], but we're not sure why. 

Well repeat everything we told them we'd told [[First Officer Ghent]] previously and walk them through everything that happened that day. They take a few moments to glance meaningfully, before thanking us. Saying it was more successful than they ever hoped. [[Victor]] thanks us, and the [[Ricci Scrucks]] gives an update. He says our information allowed them to do what they needed, and he thinks it was the same for [[First Officer Ghent]]. They captured [[Willum]], and a few were killed, they don't have the names offhand. Most of them they were able to arrest though, around 15 [[Fire Raisers]], just at their site. Theirs was not modified, but they were not able to end the blast - they consumed the explosion, with a secret method [[Arkhosia (City)]] is using. [[Jade]] complains that she would like to know, and it sounds like they may work on letting us in. 

[[Ellinev Del]] speaks for [[First Officer Ghent]] and says they had a similar experience. They were easier to get into, we think thanks to [[Terrav]]. They were able to get most people in okay, including [[Terrav]] and [[Cinder]]. They say they understand our perspective, and will factor that in to their judicial process. [[First Officer Ghent]] was able to stop the bomb using a method he devised. 

They also spoke to [[Giary]], who seems drunk. They arrested [[Niko]], our [[Fire Raisers]] dissidents friends were not present though. Once they arrived, most of the [[Fire Raisers]] were already dead, we think thanks to [[Giary]] and [[Niko]]. Their bomb was also tampered with. With a quick chat between [[The Unforged Few|Our Party]] we decide to step in a pitch for [[Niko]], and ask they don't let [[Captain Fretze|Fretze]] now they have him. They say it's been secret, and only between the people in the room who is within their custody. 

They offer us room and board in the [[Suncrest Palace]] as thanks, and to attend the actual [[Arkhosian Elections]]. These each get one guest, and have tried to make an exemption for us. We ask if we can visit the prisoners, and they're not sure it's appropriate. We'll hear back from them. 

As we leave [[Rez]] leads our group in a bit of a chatisement, says we trust them and think they're good, but we've been very close with the [[Fire Raisers]] as part of our work, and it's past time things change broadly in [[Arkhosia]]. There's an awkward pause, then [[Ricci Scrucks]] says [[Victor]] and [[Ellinev Del]] have been arguing for those changes for years. They think perhaps it is time for change. [[The Unforged Few|Our Party]] agrees.

They say the suite we've been in is ours to come and go from for the next few days, and at [[Freya]]'s ask offer us government owned mounts. 

When wrap again, [[Neiragneg|Neir]] chimes in to imply that [[Rhend Triverswill]] tried to contact them to not be involved with the [[Fire Raisers]], and that he's trying to help. [[Ricci Scrucks]] says they've tried to reach out to him but he's not at his rooms at the [[Wyndla’s Wyvern]]. [[Neiragneg|Neir]] says he'll come bring him to them as soon as he can. 

We leave and go to bed, at long last, and successful. 






