---
{}
---
# Costi Email
You choose a griffon with a fringe of jet black feathers behind its neck, his handlers call him Shadow.

You privately request access to some military information on the Three Dukes, in particular [[Duchess v'Dharinov]]. They have some relatively extensive information, and are willing to allow you to look at some redacted versions of these records; you're a hero but still a foreign national of this nation, and it would not be out of the question that [[Eberron]] would fund a terrorist organization, then train an operative to put down that organization to gain Arkhosia's trust and access to their military information. They determine that's less likely than the alternative, though.

You're impressed by how much information they actually have on her. There are detailed accountings of her troop numbers, areas of fortification and weakness. You find records of weapons purchases, some as recent as last month and going back decades. Her personal file is quite redacted, but it appears they have details on her personal life, on those close to her including a long, long list of paramours and lovers, and suspected children. It also includes "Date of Suspected Undeath: 3437." There are folios on all of her military officers, as well, including one on [[Cliff Burbank]]. They're surprised he's that high ranking. 

It isn't hard for you to get access to new spells. As a relatively famous spellcaster in a city with significant resources, you can find essentially whatever you'd like (added 5 new spells). As far as designing spells goes, some of the supplicants who flood you claim to be powerful mages like you, folks looking for a like mind to bounce ideas off of. Most of them are clearly charlatans, but one fellow, a dragonborn named [[Opali Khed]], seems to be the real deal. He shows off one spell that you've never seen before, creating a whip of fire that can strike people and objects around him. He might be able to help you create a spell or two.

You spend the bulk of your time with [[Henrik]], trying to figure out what his real angle is with this new [[Listeners Party]]. And as far as you're able to tell, it's...reform. Very quickly, [[Victor]], Henrik, and the other Provider Circler ([[Ikthan Scretenden]]) quickly move to implement a few technical changes to Arkhosia electoral system to insulate the Listeners from any potential procedural attacks, and begin a modest series of reforms. You are sometimes frustrated by the scope of the changes you see on offer (instead of eliminating property requirements, acreage and value requirements for voting are significantly lowered). But it is hard to ignore the fact that at least so far, the changes that are being made are taking the nation in a more equal, fair direction.

At one party in Henrik's new estate (very modest, in the Clutch), early in 3452, you find yourself alone in his private study. He is taken away by another Guardian procedural attack on the Listeners party and has to go grandstand, and had just enough brandy that he wasn't quite thinking about how close you were to his documents. You find a few details: while his home in Arkhosia City is fairly modest, his home in Jalantar is slightly more fine. And his new 70 acre country estate in the Vrolbekk has garnered less attention. He is also directing a quiet stream of funding to a few accounts in Thalfar, which raises your hackles until you see his private journals. A quick skim indicates that this money is likely going to his shockingly large family, who seem to suffer from pretty serious poverty. And the other thing you learn: he really, really, really hates [[Julian Slater-Runehorn|Julian]].

However, the rampant corruption baked into the heart of the system still revolts you; most of the property seized from the executed [[Fire Raisers]], or from those killed during the various attacks, winds up in the hands of important delegates and their friends. Henrik ensures Julian winds up with a few new residences across the city, and offers you a permanent deed to the house you're in now. Of every delegate you speak with or interact with, the only one who does not engage is Victor.

Towards the middle of Riventi, after the city has calmed down somewhat after the chaos of the elections and attacks, you are finally able to get your dinner with [[Tevkosh Adelka]]. You and Hugh visit him at his personal residence in The Claw, he lives in a modest home (or, modest for that very nice, wealthy neighborhood), and are let in by his staff. You have been doing some work with Tevkosh in the political area, so it makes sense that you'd have this dinner. After a very brief welcome, Tevkosh leaves the room and you are left alone with his personal bodyguard, Pruvki Forgaveat. 

After the months and months of trying to get in touch with him, you're just a little bit disappointed. He is extremely forthright with you; maybe the first time anyone has been forthright in months. But he only has some of the information that the two of you are looking for. He has been with the ELA for about thirty years, but the organization is at least 100 years old. Its exact founding point is somewhat hotly debated, some argue is was destroyed multiple times, or that the current ELA doesn't reflect the real values of true liberation. Pruvki chooses to leave those issues to academics. He's a solider.

For the last decade, he has been installed in Arkhosia City with Tevkosh, and serves as the ELA's eyes and ears in the Arkhosian government. Tevkosh is sympathetic to ELA's cause, and helps to make sure they are armed and supported. In the rare instances when Arkhosia might provide support to Eberron to root out rebels, Adleka has been successful in inflaming anti-Eberronian sentiment and heading off any threats to the ELA.

Pruvki is able to confirm a few things for you. The ELA is absolutely a terrorist organization, a group of freedom fighters working to depose the (in his words) undead parasites that manipulate the people, keep Eberronian citizens poor and oppressed, and prey off their weakness. Both of your parents are lifelong members of  the ELA; Pruvki actually joined around the same time as they did. They took positions at AVAD in Deal 'Ras as cover, although they believe it likely that the Three Dukes are aware of at least Vlad's position. He is a talented guerilla fighter, and has trained hundreds of insurgents in how to most effectively fight in the mountains. Sonia is no slouch, either; the organization generally only allows one parent in a married couple to act in the field, when the Eberronian government retaliates, children are more likely to still have one parent. However, prior to your birth, both of them engaged in direct hostilities with Dutchess v'Dharinov for about a decade. Pruvki fought beside both of them in multiple skirmishes and one pitched battle.

However, having been in Arkhosia for more than a decade means his information about what's happening in the homeland is sparse and scattered. When he came to Arkhosia City, Vlad was laying low; they were working to provide cover for some of his activity as the state was taking a renewed interest in him. He left home because of that increased attention to help mitigate the threat of collateral damage. As far as Pruvki knows, Vladimir is still active in the field, conducting operations in Dutchy Eberron against Duke v'Luthei. However, in the bits of correspondence from Vlad that he was able to see, he noticed the tone and tenor of the messages change about three years ago. Words he'd never seen Vlad use, that seemed out of character. He wrote it off as people changing, but now he's not so sure. He promises to convey this to his superiors and to make sure this is investigated. He also gives you the location of an ELA safehouse in Deal 'Ras and New Fairhaven.

And whenever you can get away from the hustle and bustle of politics, you spend time at the Halls of the Dead. The Deaths Watchers embrace you into the order, and Samuel in particular seems happy to be here. They help you get up to speed on the rites and preparation of the dead; they are responsible for preparing the executed Fireraisers after the hangings, and you work on setting their bodies and souls to rest. However, you hit a wall on getting access to records. Even as you work and spend more time in the Halls and venture regularly into the crypts below, you are not allowed to go up into the higher floors, the administrative part of the building. All three orders must agree to permit anyone not employed by the Halls above the chapels, and you are blocked by one of them. They also have fully blocked off access to the [[Duvey Crypt]]; no one is allowed on that floor.

# 3452, Holfne 30
- Meeting the [[The Silver Halves]] at the airship station
- Their airship is black (steal) with a large S on it (S is for either sexy or Several)
- Convinced [[Vask]] that he has a child. Then told him it's not the punchline of the joke. Then [[Freya]] punched him. Got him.
-  Vask brought out a casket that attacked us. They had been excavating a pyramid. Freya now has a mummy and a casket in [[My Hole]]
- We're staying in the city for one more night then heading to [[Quaath]] tomorrow. Should take ~2 days to get there. Will meet at the airship dock. They're doing something tonight?
- [[Victoria Several|Victoria]] has a place in the city that they're staying at. The Several family has homes in many cities.
- Tulbar (dwarf) will take care of the hearth while Hugh is gone.
- Throwing a goodbye party
- 